What's going on creators? Anthony here and today I'm going to show you how to use AI to swap the voice in an existing video and make it sound completely different. All right so building off the previous two trainings we are again going to be using 11 labs. If you haven't already go back and watch the previous two trainings this one kind of builds on what you've already learned. Now other than making yourself sound like a girl why would you want to use an AI voice changing tool. Well the main reason is to create consistency across multiple clips that might have different sounding voices. So here we're on my computer and I have this kind of like quick little AI demonstration video that I made. You should have listened to me. It didn't have to come to this but now I have no choice. So what we had there are three different AI clips. You can see them on my timeline right now. I'm in Premiere Pro but you could do this in CapCut, DaVinci, whatever. We have this clip, this clip, and this clip. I generated each one individually and then I just put them on my timeline and let them play one after another. For reference I used Cling 2.6 for these generations. Now Cling generates audio. It made the audio of the girl talking but with each individual clip it made the voice sound slightly different. The AI voice change feature of 11 labs is great because I can just take the audio from all of these clips and then replace the voice with a consistent voice that's now going to be present in all three clips. So really simple process. All I'm going to do is export this entire video but just the audio. So in Premiere Pro with the videos selected I would come up to File, Export, Media. Now normally it wants to actually export the video like 4K video but I can just select this here and instead change to MP3. What that means is I'm just exporting the MP3 audio. There's no video associated with it. I'll change the name to Original Audio and then I will hit Export. Now we're going to go to promptedit.com where we can access all of our favorite AI tools. With the audio tab selected, the Voice Sub tab and then for the tool I'm going to make sure we have 11 labs selected but the Voice Changer option. Now really simple. All we have to do is upload our original audio right here. So I'll go to my computer and I got that file right here, the original audio. After that we're going to come down to Target Voice and here is where we select the new voice that we want to replace the old ones. So I can click on this. Now in the previous training in the course I explained how to use 11 labs to create your own AI voice clone. You'll notice that my AI voice clone is selectable. Now this is a video of a girl so I'm not going to use my voice to replace her voice but I can come down here and preview by hitting the play button any of these voices and then select one. Now I know I like the Jessica voice for girls so I will select that right here. We will bring stability down to like point four. Again this one is going to have a huge impact. I want to leave, remove background noise off. I typically prefer to leave that off because it will give you a cleaner output with less processing and then I can hit Generate. Okay so our audio has generated. What I'm going to do is play the original with the inconsistent voices from clip to clip and then I'll play the final with one very consistent voice that's been replaced across the entire video. You should have listened to me. It didn't have to come to this but now I have no choice. You should have listened to me. It didn't have to come to this but now I have no choice. That's pretty awesome. It sounds way more consistent with the new voice but there you have it my friends. A really simple tool. It only costs like a few pennies to do this so it's a really valuable workflow in my eyes and there are tons of applications for this across you know the entire universe of AI content creation. But anyways I hope you found this valuable. I'll have direct links where you can access these tools on prompt edit so go down there try out these tools but thanks again for watching and I'll see you in the next one.