Before diving into this video, I just want to give you a quick update on the AI tools and platforms that you're about to see us use in the training. As you all know by now, the AI marketplace that we recommend is promptedit.com. You can access all the best AI tools without needing a subscription to use them. The video that you're about to watch was filmed and edited before prompted it existed. So instead of using that platform, we had to use a handful of other platforms, many of which that required subscriptions to access the AI tools. The good news for you is you don't need to subscribe to these other platforms because the same tools that you're about to see in this training can now be accessed on promptedit. I just wanted to record this quick update. We are actively working to re-film and re-edit this entire training showing how it all works, just using the tools on promptedit. But for the time being, watch through the training, the tools work the same way on both platforms. I just didn't want you to be confused seeing this training, seeing other platforms and being like, I thought they recommended prompted it. We do, it just didn't exist at the time. That's it, back to the video. Today, you're gonna learn how to make videos like this. You ain't nothing but a hand dog, you cryin' on time, you ain't lookin' like a dog, you cryin' all the time, where are you in another corner, every day you ain't no friend of mine? Well, I said you were tired, clansed, where are you in the first run? Yeah, I said you were tired, clans, where are you in the first run? Yeah, you ain't never corner ever, and you ain't no friend of mine. The original video for this insane AI clone effect got over one million views and it's still growing. I recreated the exact same effect using one video filmed on my iPhone 16 Pro Max and the rest, completely with AI. Today, I'm breaking down how to create this viral AI clone effects in seven simple steps. And in step seven, I'll show you the editing workflow that takes us from AI looking to production quality. Even this is your first time creating an AI clone video. You don't know exactly what to do. Stick around to the end because I'm also dropping my entire prompt list. So you can skip all the trial error that I went through. I'm Lori for CondiCreator.com, let's dive in. Let's go. Section one, your storyboard. There are some filmmakers who can just shoot up a cup with no plan and make magic. I am, fortunately, in not one of those creators. And when you're spending your hard earned money on AI generations, you don't wanna go on without a plan. The simplest way to create your storyboard, it's just a bullet point list. You go right out each scene one by one and briefly describe what's happening. But what I really want you to focus on is the action that's happening inside the story. Where's your clone position? What's the camera angle of a mood? That's it, no fancy tools are needed. But if you do wanna go a step further, then you can't sketch out stick figures or just lay them out in Canva to visualize the flow. This step is non-negotiable for two reasons. One, it gives you direction when you've been working for hours and prevents you from burning cash on AI generations because you have no idea what comes next. Two, you can upload these reference images to chat to BT later to describe the most image prompts. It'll give you the exact subject place been in scene composition, but more on that later in section three. Just know your storyboard isn't just planning. It's your prompt engineering foundation. All right, now that your storyboard's done cool, let's film the base footage for the motion transfer and trust me, this part is easier than you think. Section two, recording your base footage, your equipment list, your phone, that's it. I use an iPhone 16 Pro Max, but any decent phone camera works. You don't need a gimbal or a fancy rig. Really just a stable surface with a cheap tripod. And here's the exact process. Step one, you're gonna film your first clip. So you can see I'm filming myself walking into frame holding a frying pan and the illusion of a fake egg. And there's some critical requirements that you wanna just keep in mind. One, make sure that your body is facing the camera and your start frame so that your face is clearly visible. And two, you wanna have a minimal of at least three seconds of action with natural movement. And don't be afraid to do multiple takes. I filmed this eight times to get the cleanest version because remember, more footage equals more options, but equals a better final result without going back and forth with filming. Step two, take reference head shots. Take a few head shots at different angles. So straight on, side angle, tilt it back and do different expressions that each angle is possible. Think happy, angry, sad, monotone and exhausted. These photos are gold because you use them to train your AI chef clone in the next section. And here's the best part. Once you save these two the folder, you can reuse these same reference photos to create any AI clone character in the future. Chef today, alien tomorrow, superhero next week, same reference photos, but infinite clone variations. It's great. Now that the film is done, we're gonna move to your computer and this is where the magic really happens. We're about to turn your clone into a Michelin star chef using Google's nano banana prong. Stay with me. This process is a few sub-step, but it's really simple, just follow along. Creating your base AI clone. Step one, get your start frame. First, upload your kitchen footage to your editing software. Find the frame where you want your clone transformation to begin. The main goal is to get a high quality screen grab of you in front of your stove holding the frying pan in the fake egg. Bottom line, screenshot this frame and export it as a PMG. Step two, transform your outfit. We're gonna use Val AI to access nano banana Pro, which is basically a paid-of-play service where you're not walking to a monthly subscription. You just add cash and it charges you since per generation for all the top AI models. It's like Dave and Buster's, but for AI. In the search bar, type in nano banana pro and then upload your screenshot. For the character transformation, we're gonna do this in stages starting with your outfit. Use the prompt on screen or grab it from the guide in the description, but before you hit generate, set the output to 4K and go to the advanced settings and drag the slider up so you could have four generations. Hit generate and then pick your favorite. Download it and create a base clone folder on your computer and you can save it to that. Then you're gonna re-upload it back to nano banana pro on fall. Next time, our goal is to place your clone in a beautiful modern farmhouse style kitchen. And again, use this prompt on screen, hit generate and boom. Now we have your clone in a chef outfit in a beautiful kitchen, but there's still one problem, which leads us to step three, face swap for the perfect match. The face right now is close, hopefully, but it's not quite you. This is where those reference headshots come in, my friend. Find the angle and expression that matches your generated image most closely and upload it alongside the most recent generations of you in the modern style kitchen. And we're gonna use this face swap prompt that you've seen on screen right now. Now that's you. Well, at least some of them, which is why we set the generations to four. But the one you choose should have your exact face from the reference photo blended in seamlessly. You in a chef outfit in a beautiful kitchen, looking exactly like you. This serves as a reference photo for each scene that you will create in the next section so that you can have character and scene consistency in every scene. Now here's where it gets really cool. We're about to use a similar process to generate every single photo in your cooking sequence. And I'm giving you a technique that will cut your generation time down in half, baby. Section four, generating all your cooking scenes. Remember that storyboard that we created in the beginning? And how I briefly mentioned the image to image prompt, here's the technique. First, take a screenshot from your photo in the storyboard and upload it to Chattch-V-T using the prompt on screen. And Chattch-V-T should give you something like this, which is the subject placement, action, environment, almost everything you need to recreate to the photo of yourself and Nana Brunana Pro. Now, and this is critical, please don't just copy and paste this. You need to tweak it to match your specific scene, change the environment to match your kitchen style, just the action to what you filmed at specific details like the chef code, the black apron, your face. I learned a lot about the Pillbox chef hat. The guy in the original video had a tall chef hat but I had a small one. So I had to switch that up. Then you have a precision prompt that gives you exactly what you want in your AI image generations. Now, remember this is a principle but I also linked the exact fall long guide in the description below where each prompt is alongside each image generated. Use that guide to help your tweaks. And once you finalize your precision image prompt, head back to Fall AI and open Nana Brunana Pro. We're gonna create your AI photos for each scene. So, upload your base clone image alongside your edited image prompt from Chattch-V-T. And you're gonna copy the same settings as before, 4K, 4 generations and hit generate. And if you prompt it correctly, you should have your clone chef doing the exact action you wanted to be doing with the correct camera angle and environment. If not, go back to your prompt because you may need a little more tweaking. And same as before, the face may not be perfect which in my case often happen. So for every scene I created, I just use the same face swap prompt from section three until I got it perfect. Yeah, it's an extra step but your face is gonna be consistent across all your shots. This is how you maintain visual continuity. Which again, it's the secret sauce to making this look professional instead of AI slop. And you repeat this process for each shot in your storyboard. This process took me about five days figure out all the right prompts and settings but I'm handing you my entire prompt blueprint so you can get this done in a day and skip all the trial and error. And once you've got all your photos scenes generated, it's time to animate them. And the section coming up is mind blowing because Cling 2.6 is stupid good at keeping character detail while creating realistic motion. Let's go. Section five, animating your photos in the videos. I'm a big fan of Cling 2.6, which is an AI video model that creates realistic in between frames between each of your photos. So why Cling? It keeps the most character detail. It supports multi-object scenes as higher prompt context, which equals greater precision. And at the time of this video, it's probably my go-to AI video tool out of all of them, including Google Fee O3. Next, I'm gonna show you my motion prompt method to animate photos the easy way. I did have a blueprint for creating this video. So in the beginning, my prompting absolutely sucked. Every video I generated came out like complete garbage. And just as I was on the verge of giving up, then I remember something from Irobat. When Dr. Laning told Agent Spooner, I'm sorry, my responses are limited. You must ask the right question. That's what I clicked. For each action in your sequence, I want you to visualize the start and end of that motion in your head. Then describe it as chat should be T using the prompt on screen. And chat should give you a rough draft of the motion prompt. Then, and this is key, you tweak it until it matches exactly what you want to happen. And test it and cling. And if it's not right, you go back and adjust the prompt. And I repeated this process for every scene transition by sequence. And that's how I finally cracked the code. One thing that still gave me a lot of trouble was the toast scene where you rolled over the counter to reveal the baking pan. For the life of me, I could not nail the prompt and it kept getting wonky outputs every single time. But when I leveraged my previous training as a Ninja Warrior and used the technical terms in parkour like safety role, I finally got the exact output I was hoping for. Why? Because AI trained a professional footage that uses correct terminology. So if you're doing parkour, use technical terms like conval, precision jump, cat leap. If you're cooking, you'll use chef terms like Julien, Salte, Trolombé. You know what I'm saying? If it's an action, you want to use a stunt terminology. And you don't have to overthink it. Just Google the actions technical term if you're not sure. Okay. Back to animating with cling 2.6. You're gonna head back over to fall AI and open cling 2.6. And this time, you're uploading two images. Your start frame, which is the first scene photo and the end frame, which is your second scene photo. Then paste your edited chat to be deep prompt. You're gonna use these settings on screen right here. So basically 1080p, duration five seconds, and hit generate. Each generation is gonna take about two to four minutes. So with this knowledge, you can pretty much time how long it's gonna take you to finish this video. And look at that. Smooth motion, character detail intact. This is exactly what we're going for. And you're gonna repeat this process for all the scene transitions in your storyboard and upscale them using Topaz AI, which is another tool inside of Fall AI. Would you believe it? Then you could find directly under your new video generation. And I'm selling this to you, but again, Fall doesn't sponsor us. It's just a tool that I found that I personally use in my workflow. Once you've completed generating all your scenes, there's still one more that we have to generate next. Your original kitchen footage with motion transfer. This is absolutely my favorite part. Section six, animating real footage with 1, 2.2. This is one of my favorite techniques because it uses motion transfer from your real footage and it's so easy to do. Here's how it works. Rene is 1, 2.2 anime. And the way that one works is that it analyzes your real video footage and extracts the motion data. So think how your head moves, your arm positioning, the way that your body weight shifts, your facial micro expressions, then it applies those exact movements to your AI clone. So your clone moves exactly like you moved in your kitchen with the same timing, the same weight, and the same natural human motion. And that's the magic. Go back to that original video that you filmed in your kitchen and trim it to the exact moment where you want your video to start. You should be in frame and facing the camera. And remember, the video needs to be a minimum of three seconds long but I would not go longer than a duration of 10 seconds. All right, slow down there, Big fellow. Before we animate, we need to convert the first frame of your video to the AI kitchen clone. To do this, screenshot your start frame. This is you and your regular clothes holding the frying pan and the fake egg. And you're gonna use the same transformation process from section three, banana banana prong. And at this point, you should now have your clone in position ready to start the motion. And this will become your image URL for wand 2.2. Head back over to fall AI, open wand 2.2 animate and this part is critical. Select move mode, not replace, move. Move transfers the motion to your character while replaced. I believe only swaps the faces only. So we definitely want move. We're gonna upload the image URL, which is your transform chef's start frame in the driving video, your original kitchen footage, you and the regular clothes and hit generate. And dang man, I ain't go la. That's pretty dope, that's pretty dope. Look at that motion. It's your motion, it's your exact timing, your natural weight shift, but it's your AI clone. Sometimes you'll need to regenerate a few times, but for the most part, usually nails it. And remember to upscale your final video using Tope as AI. Before we go into your editing software, we need one more step to blend the wand 2.2 video with the rest of your AI scene. Our goal is to create a seamless transition using clean 2.6 with an egg cracks into the frying pan. Here's how we'll do this. You're gonna take the end frame of your motion clip from wand 2.2. For me, this is where the egg is in front of my chest and this becomes the start frame for the scene transition. Then take your first AI photo of the egg in the frying pan and upload it as the end frame. You can use the prompt on screen where the chef clone cracks the egg into the frying pan and hit generate. Boom, once it's ready, upscale it, and then we create a seamless transition in the editing section. But at this point, let's recap where we're at because we have covered a lot. All your clone scene photos were generated using the end of banana pro. All your scene-to-scene videos were animated using clean 2.6. Your real footage was motion transferred using wand 2.2 animate and everything was upscaled using Tope as AI. And the final section coming up, this is where all comes together and starts looking insane. All right, so stay with me. Section 7, editing the final sequence. This is where all your hard work pays off. You should have your wand motion transfer clip, which is the real footage, all your cling action shots, and we're gonna edit this in cap cut. And the best part is you could use the free version or the paid version. Step one, we're gonna lay your sequence, import all your clips in a cap cut and lay them out in order according to your store board. To begin with, we need to create this seamless transition between your wand video and the cling video of the egg cracking to the frying pan. To do this, we'll match the end frame of your wand video in the start frame of your cling transition. And we're gonna use key frames to zoom into the egg cracking to the frying pan. This is to cover up your face looks slightly different between the clone scenes. And boom, see how that works? You zoom into the action point, the egg cracking, which hides the cut, then zoom back out as the next shot begins. And your brain doesn't register the transition because it's so focused on the zoom motion. That's the trick. Now we add speed ramps to smooth out the pacing. So you're gonna highlight your entire sequence and we're gonna create a compound clip, which is basically just one unified clip. And Premiere Pro, this is called a nest. Now you can add speed ramps to the entire thing by selecting a clip, going to the speed tab and creating a custom curve. Using speed ramps is very simple. You can increase the speed of the video by raising the ramp up or decrease it by lowering it down. The video itself is kinda already on slow motion, so I don't ever drop it down besides the like regular speed level. To add speed ramps to certain sections, you get out of ramp by clicking the plus button in the lower right corner. Don't worry about looking like a perfect weight. Your goal is to keep the video around 30 seconds and add speed ramps whenever the clone photo is transitioning from scene to scene and slow it down whenever your AI clone is in the midst of the action shot. And the next step is to add sound design. And sound design is what takes it from, it's I to a us pretty dope. Damn! And Capcom has some sound effects, but it's not robust enough for me. So I actually took mine into Premiere Pro and used the Content Greater Templates plugin to find the perfect sound, which was extremely easy because they have thousands of sound effects available. And if you wanna stay in Capcom, that's 100% fine. There's also a web version where you can just download all your sound effects to your desktop. Then I color graded any clip that looked a little off just to make everything match. And lastly, I exported the final sequence at 4K. Now my friends, let's watch the whole video one more time. You ain't nothing but a hand dog, you cryin' and you're tired. You ain't good luck, you're not a hand dog, you ain't cryin' and you wanna try. Where are you in the corner, every day you ain't no friend of mine? Well, I said you was high-class, where are you from, just a lie? I said you was high-class, where are you from, just a lie? Yeah, you ain't never caught or ever, and you ain't no friend of mine. That's what insane AI clone effects will look like when you have the right workflow. And you just learned it in under 30 minutes. If you make something using the clone workflow that you learned today, tag me on Instagram or TikTok, I'm really excited to see what you create. And don't forget to download the full prompt list in the description. They'll save you days, a trial and error. See you in the next video.