So I'm just recording using the built-in iPhone microphone right now. I'm about an arm's length away. It's going to have a decent amount of echo. It's not really going to sound great. And I can tell you I wouldn't really want to include this in a video. That crazy improvement is all thanks to Enhanced Speech V2 from Adobe Podcasts. Now I have the tool up here on my computer and you can get to it by typing the URL podcast.adobe.com forward slash enhance and I'll make sure to have that linked below in the description as well. But what's great about this tool is it's completely free to use. It does have limitations which we'll talk about but for the most part this is all you need. You don't need to upgrade. It'll just make your life a little bit easier. The main limitations of the free plan are that you can only upload audio files. Right, you can't upload a video and have it improve the audio. You have to extract the audio and then upload it. You can only upload clips that are a max length of 30 minutes but we've got to work around for that. The size of the file has to be under 500 megabytes and you are limited to one hour per day of enhanced audio which honestly I think is more than most people need. And if you need more than that you can get the pro plan. And at the current time it's included if you are an Adobe Creative Cloud user like myself. If you have Premiere Pro Adobe After Effects all that stuff you already have it. So right here this is the free plan. In another window I do have the pro plan. Okay and you can see I've already done that clip here. Literally all you need to do is just drag in a video clip. It's gonna you know enhance it altogether. It doesn't make you extract the audio. From there you can balance out like how much do you want to enhance the speech. How much do you want to remove the background? I've usually found that like the 90% and then 10% default. It does a really good job. But overall that's the pro plan. It's really just a convenience thing where you can upload the videos you're not limited. If we switch back here to the free plan the only difference is you have to extract the audio. And it's really simple. Okay so here we are in Premiere Pro. Now you can do this in any editing program. Okay CapCut, DaVinci, Premiere, Final Cut Pro. You can do this in everything. Okay so don't get stressed if you don't have Premiere. It's basically the same thing. So let's say you just edited a video. Okay you have a couple clips. Mashed together, right you've done whatever you need to do. Okay and the audio sounds terrible. All you need to do to extract the audio is export the video. Okay in Premiere Pro you would just select the timeline, go to file, and then we will go to export media. If you were in CapCut you would just click the button in the top right where you can export it. Same thing goes for all the other ones. Now when you are choosing the preset or you're basically defining what type of export you want to do. Instead of using the default 1080p or 4K you would just come down here and do MP3. Okay or wave file any audio specific file. MP3 in wave are the two most common. From there all we're doing is essentially extracting the audio. So I can then export. So that audio we extracted is now right here. This is what I just exported and you can see those are again those clips right here. Now it's just in the audio form. All I got to do is drop that here. It's going to analyze that file, enhance it, and then we can download it. And just like that we have it enhanced and we can play the before by turning this off. So this right here would be an example of audio that I wouldn't use in a video super, you know, echoe doesn't sound good, we'll turn this on. So this right here would be an example of audio that I wouldn't use in a video. We're outside, it's windy, there's a highway near. And it just sounds so astronomically better. All we'd have to do is hit this download button. Okay, now we can just say enhanced audio. We'll save it back to our desktop. And now back in Premiere Pro or any editing program that you're using, again, they all work the same. You can just take that audio, check this out. All right, we drag it in. And it perfectly lines up with the old video. We could just mute the original audio, right? That's what the M button does. You could also just select it and delete it. And bang, now we have perfectly enhanced audio to go along with our video. I recommend you take this approach first, okay? Edit your video, cut everything, do what you want, all right? And then at the very end, you extract the audio, enhance it, bring it back in. That will save you way more time than taking every individual clip of your video, right? Whatever it may be, enhancing them all one at a time, and then editing it, right? It's just, it's much less efficient. Now, if you are a Premiere Pro user, they do actually have enhanced audio built into Premiere Pro. So if you go basically up to Window here and then come down and make sure that the Essential Sound Panel is checked on, okay? That's up here for me. I'll extend my window a little bit. With your audio selected, you would choose Dialog, and then you see Enhanced Speech is right here. We would just click Enhanced, and it's going to analyze that and enhance it. Now, of course, this is already enhanced audio. I already did this whole process, so I'm just going to hit X, I don't need to do it. But it is built in, and other editing programs are adopting this, okay? CapCut now has a built-in enhanced audio feature. I don't think it's quite as good as the Adobe podcast enhancement that we've shown in this video, but it's nice to have that built-in CapCut. In the past, it was part of their free plan, and now looks like it's included in the Pro plan of CapCut that you need to pay for. But nonetheless, this is a great free tool. I use it all the time, and it just is so good when it comes to improving your audio. If you have a clip on your computer somewhere where you're like, ah, I can't use it. I think the audio is destroyed. I highly suggest testing this tool out because it could save you. But that's it. Really quick and easy tool to use. Thanks for watching, and I'll see you in the next one.