The Venture Resolve has some absolutely mind blowing AI tools. And in this video, we're gonna go over my 10 favorite ones. So let's jump right into the Venture Resolve and go over these. All right, starting off with number one, in no particular order is Magic Mask. Now, Magic Mask is really helpful. It essentially just speeds up the cutout process if you want to cut out subjects from the frame. This is really popular in social media videos. You've probably seen it all the time online. Normally, in Venture Resolve, what I would have to do is place points all around the subject right here and create a mask. It's a bit tedious and takes a long time. But Magic Mask makes it really easy. So what we're gonna do is select our clip here, go down to Fusion, then we're gonna go up to Effects up here. And now what we're gonna do is go to the search bar right here and just search for a Magic Mask, just like that. And now what we're gonna do is just select this and drag this onto this bar right here, just like that. Cool, so we have two different options right here, faster and better. If you have a very detailed image with a lot of movements going on, I would opt for better. But in this case, faster will work just fine because we have a pretty simple cutout right here. And now what we have to do is just click and drag a nice little cutout around our subject just like that. And we just wanna connect it at the end there. And just like that, DaVinci Resolve created a very nice cutout of the subject. If we're missing parts right down here, all we have to do is click and drag to add those in. And if we get a little bit too much in here, for example, on the elbow right here, we can see that we kind of selected something that's not actually the elbow. We can just go to this tool, which subtracts. Click that and all we have to do is click and drag and that's going to remove. So when we're satisfied with our mask, the next step that we wanna do is go to this tracking button right here and we just wanna click this. And that's gonna track this motion throughout the entire mask. As we can see, DaVinci Resolve is doing that right now. All right, so after that's finished up, all we have to do is go back to the edit page. And now you can see we have this great cutout of the subject. Normally, this would take a long time to do manually. And magic mask makes it really easy. From here, you can just drag this up a layer and you could put another clip behind this one, move this guy over to the side. And now we have two Anthony's in the same frame. All right, moving on to AI tool number two and that is transcribe. And what transcribe is gonna do is write out anything that's said in that video. This is gonna make editing really easy because now we're gonna be able to edit the video like a word doc, which is pretty cool. So what we're gonna do is go up to our footage right here and we're gonna right click. We're gonna go to AI tools and we're gonna go to audio transcription and we wanna go to transcribe. Now, DaVinci Resolve is gonna transcribe that audio. All right, so DaVinci Resolve just finished transcribing that audio. And now you can see we have the text from the audio right here. So check this out, this is really cool. What I'm gonna do is actually delete this video track down here. So now I don't have a video track and the timeline. And let's say I really like this line. So this is another selfie test. What I can do is select this and check out how cool this is. This just selected an in and out point of this video track. And now if I wanted to put this into the timeline, all I would have to do is go down to this button right here, click this and that just added the selected video track up here to the timeline down here. This makes editing really fun because now you can read through your transcript right here and quickly add these lines to your timeline. So let's say we really like this line right here. What I'm gonna do is select this and we like it all the way to this point right here. Now I'm just gonna add this tower timeline and boom, just like that. If I move this over, you can see that it added that clip right behind this one. Now what I can also do is insert a clip in here. So I'm gonna go to the midpoint between these two clips. I'm gonna take this one right here. And what I'm gonna hit is this button right here, which is the insert button. Click that and just like that, now we have this new clip inserted between this one and this one. Pretty cool. Now there's also a couple of other things that we can do with this tool right here. If I click on these three dots up here, we also have removed silent portions right here, which is really helpful. So for example, if I select all this right over here and I want to remove the silent portions or the gaps in between when the speaker is talking, go to the three dots and I'm gonna hit remove silent portions. And that just removed all the silent portions from the transcript. So now if I want to add this into the timeline, click this. If I go down to this bar right here and drag down on our audio timeline, notice how there are no gaps or silent portions on this timeline. All right, on to the next AI tool and that is adding auto captions. It does take a long time to do this manually. You definitely don't want to type out everything, listen to what they say, type it out, listen to what they say, type it out, it takes super long, but DaVinci Resolve has a really cool tool that actually automates that whole process. So to do this, what we need to do is select our audio track just like this. Then we're gonna go up to timeline. We're gonna go down to AI tools and then we're gonna go to create subtitles from audio. This window is gonna pop up and for this video, we don't need to adjust anything here. We can just keep this as it is. We wanna hit create. And just like that, DaVinci Resolve went in and added captions to when the subject is talking in the video. Now these captions are really tough to read. So to change that, what we can do is select a caption just like this. Then we wanna go to track and then from here, we can adjust the caption. For example, if we wanted to add a background to this, we can turn this on. We can adjust the drop shadow, font, size, tons of different options right in here. Now we don't have to do this to every single one because by adjusting the track, this adjusted all of them. But let's say we wanted to adjust one singular one. All we'd have to do is select the caption that we want to adjust. Go to caption, click customize caption. Now it's gonna open up some options of how we can adjust this caption. For example, let's say we wanted to make this one much smaller than the others. Now if I go to the previous caption, notice how it's bigger, the caption that we just adjusted is smaller and the next caption is bigger. So by going to customize caption on the caption tab right here, we're changing individual captions. By going to track, we're adjusting all the captions. All right, next up on our list is voice isolation. So what I'm gonna do real quick is play this video track through so we have a good reference point to where we're starting. So here's what the microphone sounds like. By a busy intersection, we've definitely got some good car noises behind us. So as we can tell here, there's a lot of sounds going on in the background. You have some wind, you have some car noises, some street sounds. With vocal isolation, we should be able to remove a lot of that. So here's how we do it. We're gonna select our clip. We wanna make sure we have inspectors selected up here. And we're gonna go to audio. And we're gonna come down to AI voice isolation. We're gonna click this on. Now this is gonna default to 100. You have this sliding bar right here, so you can change this. But let's check this out with 100 and see how it sounds. So here's what the microphone sounds like. By a busy intersection, we've definitely got some good car noises behind us. Wow, what an insane difference. Now it almost sounds a little too good for the setting right now. Like if the voice was coming through this clear on this busy road, it might sound a little bit fake. So what we can do is drop this down a little bit. Let's move this to 90. Try to get a couple of the car sounds coming through. Let's play this back and see how this sounds. So here's what the microphone sounds like. By a busy intersection, we've definitely got some good car noises behind us. So huge difference. It really pulled the voice out and detached it from the background. Super useful tool, especially when you use the slider right here and really dial in how much of the isolation you want. All right, the next tool that we're gonna talk about is Smart Reframe. So as you can tell right here in this example, we have a shot of my arm, but really we should be seeing my face right now. So if I scrub through this video, you can see we have kind of this pretty rough selfie video and we just kind of sling on the camera around. Now what we can do is select the clip. We could come into Inspector video. So let's adjust the position X. Move this here. We could keyframe this, play the video, move this over a little bit, play the video, move it over. And this is just a very manual tedious task. But with the use of AI, we don't have to do this. So let me show you how to do that. So I'm gonna remove all these keyframes, get everything back to normal. This is what we're seeing at the beginning. So with the clips selected, what we're gonna do is go to video right here and we're gonna go down to AI Smart Reframe. Click this little arrow dropdown right here and for the point of interest, if we hit this dropdown, we can either set a reference point or just use auto. In this case, I'm just gonna use auto and now what I'm gonna do is hit reframe. It's gonna work its magic. Boom and just like that, check this out. Well, that came out crazy good. I was literally throwing this thing around. I didn't know I think it was gonna perform that well. That was pretty insane. All right, the next tool that we're gonna be talking about is Super Scale. Now with Super Scale, this is really helpful if you're trying to enhance the quality of a video. So for this, I have a pretty rough image right here. This was shot at 720p on my iPhone. Lighting was an amazing. And you can tell I'm definitely losing a lot of detail on the face here, clothes, and the overall image just kinda looks a little soft. So to activate Super Scale, what we're gonna do is select our clip, go to the video tab up here, scroll all the way down. Right down here, you can see AI Super Scale. So what we're gonna do is toggle this on. We're gonna scroll down a little bit and we have a couple options right here. Now let's zoom into the face to really see where this is happening. So I'm gonna turn this off for a second. And as you can see here, notice how the face looks kind of soft. There's not a lot of detail in the eyes. Everything just feels kind of blurry. So let's turn this on. And notice how right away there's way more detail in the eyes right here. Now we also have some other options here. For example, we can make this three times enhanced, even four times enhanced. For right now, I'm gonna keep it on two times enhanced. But what I wanna do is increase the sharpness. So what we can do here is take this slider down here. Now notice as I bring this up, we're getting even more detail in the face right here. We can also adjust the noise reduction. So as I bring this slider up, I'm decreasing the amount of noise in the scene. For right now, I'm gonna keep this rate in the middle, just like that. Let's check out the before and after. So if I toggle this off, that's what the before looks like. And if I toggle it on, that's what the after looks like. Now I know it might be a little bit tough to tell through the screen recording, but on my end, there is definitely a really noticeable difference. All right, next up on the list is one of my favorite and that is the music remixer. So I have this music track and the timeline. And what I'm gonna do is select it, go up to the audio tab right here. And then I'm gonna go to AI Music Remixer. I'm gonna toggle this on. Now check this out. We have some really cool features right here. To see how cool this tool is, I'm gonna go to this part in the track and play a little bit of it so you guys have a good base as to what this song sounds like. So a lot of drums going on in the background, but let's say we didn't want all the drums. What we could do is go to this box right here, and select mute drums. Now let's check out what this sounds like. What I could also do is use our slider section right here to not completely mute something, but lower the volume of that thing. For example, with the drums right here, let's say I didn't want to mute them completely, but I just didn't want them to be as loud. What I could do is select this and drag it down a little bit, uncheck mute drums. Let's go back to this area right here. So notice we can still hear the drums that are just not as loud. Or if I wanted to make them more loud, I didn't take this point, drag it all the way up. And how the drums are really coming to you right here. Really awesome tool right here. I absolutely love this one. Our next tool that we're going to be talking about is AI Color Correction. Now, Dimitri Resolve is known for its color correction, and you can go really, really deep with all the amazing features for color correction that Dimitri Resolve has. But if you don't want to dive into all that stuff, they have an AI tool to make it a lot faster. So what we're going to do is select our clip right here and go down to the color tab right here. And to navigate to AI Color Correction, we want to make sure that we have the color wheels buttons selected right here. And we want to locate primaries color wheels. There's a couple different buttons over here. There's color wheels. There's color bars and there are log wheels. We just want to navigate to primaries color wheels. All right, now this is going to be a true test. I actually have not tested this with a log clip yet. So I'm not sure how well this is going to work. We're really pushing the envelope right here. So we're going to go down here to primaries color wheels. And we're going to locate this button right here, which is an A with a circle around it. And let's select that. Wow, that did a pretty good job. Oh my gosh, that was like seconds. Not even, that was like milliseconds. Wow, that came out super good. All right, and there you go. That's how you can color correct something in seconds. Now if it didn't come out perfect, you can use your color bars down here to adjust it further. Or if it came out pretty good, just like this one, you can leave it alone and just move right out to the next clip. All right, next up on our list is AI Object Removal. So for this example, I'm going to play this clip and we have this really awesome drone shot. We have this biker kind of going through the middle of the frame, just like that. And this is really cool. But let's say we wanted to remove the biker. So the first thing we want to do is select our clip right here and then we're going to navigate down to the color tab. In the color tab, what we're going to want to do is zoom in on our clip to the subject or object that we're trying to remove. I'm going to play this a little bit right to about this point right here. Just so the subject is off of the tree line. Next, what I'm going to do is go down to the pen tool, select this, and I'm going to draw a mask around the object or subject. Now that we have this mask around the subject, what I'm going to do is go to the tracker tool right here, click this and go down to track forward and backwards. Select this. All right, now if we play this video through, we can see that we have this mask being tracked around the subject just like this. Next up, what we had to do is go over to this area right here. Right click, we're going to go down to add node and just select corrector. Let's just drop this guy right down here. And what we want to do is get this connected in between this line. So just drag this node up just like this toward this line is highlighted. And just like that, now we have the line going from here into this one and out of this one. The last thing that we have to do is take this blue dot right here and connect it to this blue triangle right here. So we're going to go here, select, hold down, and drop it right here. Next up, what we're going to do is go to effects and we're going to search for object removal. Perfect, just like that. Click, drag, and drop this onto the second node. So let's scroll up to the top here. The first thing that we want to select is scene analysis. And after scene analysis, you can see that we have this gray dot around the subject. We zoom in, so you can see there's a gray dot around the subject. What we want to do is scroll down to the bottom. Under clean plate, we want to select build clean plate. We're going to select this. And boom, just like that, notice how this object just went away. Now if I go back to the edit page, and if I go to the beginning of the video and hit play, now we have a video where the biker is not in the frame. Pretty cool. The last tool that we're going to talk about is speed warp. So check out this video on the screen right now. It's a pretty cool shot, but I think it would be even cooler in slow motion. So let's select the clip, hit command R, and let's go to our speed tool right here, click this, and let's change the speed to 50%. Now let's play this back. All right, not exactly what I was hoping for. As you can tell in the video, it's a bit glitchy and stuttery on the playback. That's because this video was shot in 24 frames per second. And 24 frames per second is not ideal for slow motion. Ideally, we want to be 60 frames and above. But we can solve this with AI. So what I'm going to do is navigate to the video tab up here, click this, and I'm going to go down to this section right here, which is retime and scaling. I'm going to select anywhere in here, and let's kind of drop this down. Under retime process, I'm going to select this drop down and hit optical flow. Next, I'm going to go down to motion estimation. Select this drop down, and I'm going to go to AI speed warp better. Now let's play this video again and see the difference. Pretty awesome difference with speed warp. That clip looks a lot better. And that does it for my 10 favorite AI tools inside a divinature resolve. Definitely check these out. Really excited to see what you guys create. I'll see you guys in the next one.