What's up creators, Anthony here. And in this video, I'm gonna walk you through the five-step AI video creation workflow. We're not just talking about creating one funny clip of yourself in a Yeti walking down a path. We're talking about full-blown videos, whether that's a 50-minute long YouTube video, a three-minute long commercial, a one-minute post on social media, we're gonna unpack everything. And by the end, I guarantee you'll feel 10 times more confident taking the idea you have in your head and turning it into a reality with AI. This video is crucial to watch, especially for beginners. I see a lot of people posting online asking, what's the best AI tool for making ads, or something like that? Not always, but usually these people are assuming there's one singular AI tool that in the click of a button will make an entire complex video for them. Basically, reading their mind and turning it into a reality with little to no work on their part. This is not how you want to approach things. First off, the tools that typically claim they can do this and create an entire video in one click. They usually create terrible looking videos. On top of that, think about it. If that's all it takes to create a video, your video will look no different than everyone else who's also looking for the same type of shortcut. Your content won't stand out, which means it won't get views. So instead, I recommend approaching your content creation process by looking at it as a hybrid human plus AI workflow. This allows you to take much more control over your content and create videos that people will actually want to watch not just worthless AI Slop. Now the good news is the fundamental five step workflow to create a video doesn't change whether you use the traditional tools or AI tools. What does change is how you complete each step in the workflow, which is what this video is all about. So let's first start by covering the fundamental steps to create an amazing video. Every step we talk about here is covered in depth throughout this course. So if any part confuses you, just know that we have specific in-depth videos that show exactly how to do each step. So up first, step number one, you need an idea. I often refer to this as your video's seed because like trees, the seed is where the magic starts happening. A good seed will grow a huge tree that bears fruit for you. A bad seed will do next to nothing and it will feel like a waste of your time. The same applies to video ideas. No matter how good you get at making beautiful visuals, editing or anything else, if the original idea for your video is bad, nothing good will come of it. Now if you already have a great idea for your video, that's awesome. That is exactly what I mean by the hybrid human plus AI workflow. You, the human, have already brought something valuable to the table so you don't necessarily need AI for this step in the workflow. Now if you do need help with the idea or you want AI to improve the idea that you already have, in the AI content planning and writing section of this course, I have trainings that show exactly how I use AI to help me come up with ideas for my content and our channels with hundreds of thousands of subscribers. In these trainings, I also show you how you can use AI to improve an idea you already have, make it more viral, more clickable, all that stuff. Now after the idea, we have step number two, the script. Now this step will change a lot, depending on the type of video you're creating. This video you're watching right now is the real Anthony on camera, not an AI clone. I'm using a teleprompter to read a word-for-word script that I wrote yesterday. I do this for YouTube videos, course content, ad social media content. I always use a script. It allows the video to be much more focused, planned, and respectful of the viewer's time. Now with AI content, the script is even more important because AI needs to know exactly what to say or else it won't say anything. Now just like with the previous step, you can write the script yourself or you can use AI. Personally, I use a back and forth approach to script writing with AI. I typically start with a rough outline that I write myself. I then feed that to AI and let it expand on my outline, and turn it into a fully realized script, at which point it could stand back to me where I review it and I make small changes here and there. Because I've trained AI had a right in my personal style, this process works really well and it saves me an insane amount of time. The script writing portion of content creation is typically the longest step for me and most other content creators who do this professionally. Now as always, I have full trainings in this course that teach you how to train AI to write like you, how to use AI to research and write scripts for you, and how to use AI to give you feedback on what you've already written to improve it even more. It doesn't matter what type of content you're creating, what platform you're posting on, these trainings will apply to you. Now, the last thing I'll touch on here in the script section is that a script isn't always just for a person sitting in front of a camera talking. If you have an ad where there is a voiceover, that's a script. If you're making a short film with characters speaking to one another, that's also a script. Even if no one is speaking and there's no voiceover or anything like that, there still needs to be something happening in your video in the script would be where you write what people are doing in that video. So nonetheless, do not overlook this step. Moving on though, we're getting into the first visual step of the workflow, the storyboard. Now in the traditional filmmaking process, a storyboard would look something like this, usually a rough sketch of the different scenes that would take place throughout the video. For example, if I were making a short horror film about a family who just moved into a haunted house, my storyboard would look like this. And now watch me turn this storyboard into an actual video with AI in 3, 2, 1. This place feels different. Who's there? Pretty cool, right? The script is basically the map or instructions for what's said in a video. And the storyboard is the map or instructions for what's shown in the video. Especially with AI videos, this step is incredibly important. That's because the best strategy for making detailed AI videos is what's known as image to video creation. Although you can simply write a text prompt, hit generate, and then watch as a video is created, the much more practical process is to create an image first, and then use another AI tool to turn that image into a video. It's much quicker and more affordable to make an image than it is a video. So rather than go the text to video route and hope the video comes out good based on your written prompt, you can run multiple text to image prompts, really refine and dial in the look of the image until it is exactly what you want. And then you can turn that image into a video knowing you have way more control over how the video will end up looking. Not to mention there are some insanely powerful image generation tools out there like Nano Banana where you can take one image, upload it, and have the tool create multiple more images in the style of the original image you uploaded. This is perfect for keeping your characters consistent and the environment's consistent as well throughout a video. And of course, we have a full video on Nano Banana in this course. So you'd use a tool like Nano Banana to create your visual storyboard. I like to organize all of these images on a document or a Google slide, which helps me visualize the story in a chronological fashion. Now as always, depending on the type of content you're creating, this step may change a bit for you. If you were making a video that was primarily talking head like the one you're watching right now, you wouldn't really need a super in-depth storyboard because the main scene in your video is just the person talking to the camera. In this case, the script is much more important in the storyboard slightly less important. But for visual heavy ads, narrative-based content, short films, the storyboard is crucial. I would not start generating videos until you have a good understanding of your entire video storyboard. Now, up next, we have step four in the workflow, which is video creation. I know a lot of you were probably most focused on this step alone when you enrolled in the course, but hopefully you can now see just how important planning in pre-production is when it comes to making content that people actually want to watch. If you don't plan, you will almost always fail. Now as always, this step in the workflow can take us in a few different directions. Let's say you used AI to help in the planning phases like the idea, script, and storyboard. You could then transition into the human side of things and set up a camera in record just like I'm doing right now. Just because this is the real Anthony on camera and not an AI clone doesn't mean AI didn't massively help me in the creation of this video. Now on the flip side, if you want to fully create your video with AI, this is where things can get really fun because so much is possible nowadays. You can light your hand on fire, you can change your background, change your character, create fully AI-generated scenes of yourself doing practically anything anywhere around the globe or even on other planets. You can have an AI clone do all of your talking for you at your normal desk set up, or you can create an entirely new desk set up for your AI clone. Due to the sheer nature of possibility when it comes to AI video generation, the way I've structured this course is to essentially break it all down into individual videos where you learn each tool, each effect one at a time. By doing this, you essentially learn what's possible and what tool you need to achieve whatever look you're going for. Now as much as you'd like to probably skip around and try to find the one video in this course that will solve all of your problems, I highly recommend watching each of the videos. You don't need to memorize everything because you can always come back to a video in rewatch to get these step-by-step instructions. On top of that, this organization method for the course allows me to continuously add new tutorials on new AI tools and effects in real time so you have this ever-growing database of AI knowledge at your fingertips. However, with all of this being said, the video generation step of the workflow will typically fall into one of three categories, each of which I'll cover now. The first category is the human AI hybrid workflow. For example, if I want the most realistic looking shot of my hand on fire, rather than create the video entirely with AI, I'd film a real life clip of me and then use an AI tool to add that visual effect to the scene. Everything you're seeing right now takes this exact approach. It is a real video with an AI effect applied. In this video here in the course, shows exactly how you can do this too. Another example of the human AI hybrid workflow would be for a talking head video where it is really you or maybe a client of yours on camera if you're doing this as a freelancer where you then use AI to generate B-roll that you use in your video. So for example, let's say you're filling a commercial for a client of yours who is a dog trainer or you yourself run a dog training business and you wanna make a commercial. But in this situation, you're only able to film the interview. You don't have time to capture B-roll shots of dogs actually getting trained or anything like that. The interview would be all real, but you could use AI to generate B-roll that you can play throughout the video, showing on really dogs, well trained dogs, and even shots of you or your client's AI clone working with dogs. If you're a travel vlogger, making a YouTube video or Instagram reel, and you're just missing that one perfect drone clip to show at the beginning of a scene, you can use AI to generate that clip and then use real footage throughout the rest of your vlog. You could also use the first and last frame AI method to generate really cool transitions between different scenes in your real content. You probably get the point. This category involves using a mixture of real footage and AI tools. Now the second category of AI video generation is one we've already touched on, image to video creation. So let's go back to that horror short film we made earlier. Every clip from this film is its own individually generated AI video. It started with a text prompt to create an image. Once we have the image we want, we can use it to turn it into a video clip. We then repeat this step for each clip of the final video and then use any basic editing software to edit the clips together to make the final film. All of this is explained in depth throughout this course. And if you've never edited a video before, don't worry. We even have entire trainings that show you how to learn the best free editing software available today. Now if you're thinking, but Anthony, I want an AI tool that makes the entire horror film at once without having to edit any day. I promise you, this isn't what you want. Unless your goal is to create AI Slop, you'd lose all control over the small details and the final product would likely be pre-boring with nothing that makes it unique. Real movies are not made this way. Steven Spielberg didn't film Jurassic Park in one continuous take. He filmed multiple different scenes and then edited them together to tell a story. Now your life is way easier than Steven's because you don't need to hire actors, you don't need $10,000 cameras, lights, microphones, Hollywood budgets, or anything like that. You just need to create your visual storyboard and then use those frames to create your video clips and finally edit them together. It's much simpler than what good old Steven had to do in its all-fanks to AI. Now the main limitation with this style of AI video generation is the fact that most of these image to video generators max out at around five to 10 seconds per clip. Now a lot of people hear this and they go running for the hills. They say, well, I want to create videos that are five, 10, or even 30 minutes long. How will I do that if I'm limited to 10 seconds? Well guess what? Next time you watch a show, a commercial, a movie, pay attention to how long each shot plays on screen before it cuts to another shot. It's much less than 10 seconds per shot. In fact, one film scholar analyzing 15,000 movies found that the average shot length in typical movies is between 2.5 and four seconds. So realistically, this time limit isn't that much of a limitation. If I wanted to make a video of me climbing a mountain, we'd have a close up of me tying my shoes, standing up, starting to walk, some detail shots of me climbing, and then finally we reach the summit before cutting again to a nice wide-drones shot showing the beautiful scenery. Guess what? None of those clips were even close to 10 seconds long. The only type of content that does typically have shots that are longer than 10 seconds are videos like the one you're watching right now, which brings us to category three of AI video generation talking head videos. Thankfully, there are businesses out there who saw the need for long form AI video generators. Tools like Hey Jen, Hedra, Lipsync on Fall AI, 11 Labs, and many other tools are great for creating longer form talking head content. And as always, we have specific trainings that show how to use these tools like a pro in this course. They work in a few different ways. You can start with an image, upload an audio file of you talking, or you can just copy and paste your full script into the AI tool, and then it will animate the image and make a full length video of you reading that script or that audio file coming through the image. Hey Jen has a really cool feature where you can upload a video of yourself talking. It will then study your movements the way you speak and create an even more accurate AI clone of you that looks and sounds just like you do in real life. Other tools like 11 Labs aren't necessarily video generators. Instead, they're audio generators. So you can use one of their preset voices or create your own voice clone and then paste your script into the tool where it will then create a perfect sounding voice over following your script. 11 Labs even has a feature where you can swap the voice in any video. So let's say an AI character you made has a voice you don't like. 11 Labs can swap that voice to something else. You could even swap your own voice in to replace something in a video. Now when it comes to creating longer form videos, we are asking more of AI. So naturally it will increase the cost of a video. Now I always try my best to show low cost alternatives when it comes to content creation. And really quick, I want to outline an easy work around for those of you who want longer form videos but don't want to pay higher prices. Let's say you're making a 10 minute long YouTube video rather than using a tool like Hagen to create the full 10 minute video, you could simply create the first 30 seconds with Hagen. Maybe another 30 seconds using a part from the script during the middle of the video and then finally another 30 seconds at the end of the video before signing off. Then you fill in the gaps with an AI generated voiceover and cover the voiceover with B-roll images and other elements that cost very little to generate if anything at all. Voiceovers are much more affordable than full blown AI clone videos. So this hybrid approach can really add up and save you a ton of money if you're trying to post a lot of videos. And the same thing applies if you make Instagram reels, TikToks and other short form content. Make a voiceover for your script and only use a small part of that voiceover with Hagen or one of the other tools that makes longer form content. So when it comes to the video creation step, there are obviously more levels that we're gonna cover in depth with specific trainings in this course. But I wanted you to see here in this overview that it all really falls into these three categories. Human AI hybrid videos, image to video, and in the long form talking head tools. Each require slightly different tools and strategies which is exactly why we have the videos in this course. Okay, now the last step in the workflow, number five is editing. Editing is where the pieces of the puzzle really come together. The good news is that you can go as simple or as crazy with this step as you like. With that horror short film that we showed earlier, editing is as simple as taking the individual clips we made with the image to video tools and arranging those clips on a timeline so they play in the order we want them to. Takes like five minutes to do that. From there, we can trim some of the length off the certain clips. If we want to improve the timing of things, we can add music, which AI can generate along with sound effects to really sell the realism of everything. And just like that, you've got a really nice final product, almost no editing required. Now here's another example of how simple or advanced you can make things. Certain AI effects like my hand snapping into fire can be as simple as using the raw clip that AI generated, which looks good. Or we can take it a bit further to sell the realism. I can place the AI clip on top of the original clip. I can cut the AI clip to appear only once my fingers have snapped. I could also draw a circle mask around the flame where I keyframe that fire to grow as the scene progresses. This also allows the actual face to show in the final video rather than the AI generated version of my face that can sometimes look off. Now, if that level of editing went over your head, do not worry about it at all. That's why you're in this course. We're going to teach you how to do these things. I just want to display here in this overview video that there are different levels to all this. And that we're going to meet you wherever you're currently at and teach you how to level up. But that officially does it for this overview of the five fundamental steps to create a video with AI. It's now time for you to learn the different AI video tools and techniques, which is exactly what you're about to dive into. So as always, thanks for watching this video. And I'll see you in the next one.