What's going on creators? Anthony here and today we are going to talk about AI text to video generation. All right, so this video is really just a continuation of the last video image to video generation. If you haven't already, definitely check that out and I recommend most people start there. Image to video generation gives you so much more control because you can create the image. You can really define it, control every element and then turn it into a video where a lot of the work has already been done. In this section, right, text to video generation, there is a lot more that goes into the prompting process. Because we don't have an image that's going to lay the groundwork for AI. We have to create all of that if we want control at least with a really good prompt. So the focus of this module is really going to be me going over a worksheet that I've created. We're going to go over it together. I'll also have that copy and pasted in the description below. So you can make your own version of it. You can take notes. You can modify it however you like. But really, if you want good AI video generations, when you're doing text to video generation, it comes down to your prompt. Other than that, it obviously depends on the AI tool that you're using. Now, the tools we're using are all on prompted.it.com and I will have all of my favorite video generators linked in the description below. Right now, at the time of recording this video, my go-to generator is clinging. But like I say all the time in this course, the model you use, it's a very small piece of the puzzle. It's how we use it. So that's what we're going to be focusing on right now. So you should be able to see my screen and you're going to see this document here. Now, building off the last module, we have those three core components of an image to video prompt. Okay, that is the subject action. What are they doing? We have the camera movement and then we have the emotional mood tone of the scene. The reason these are super important is because that's not something AI can understand from the image. It may be able to understand the emotion mood slightly, but it doesn't know what movement the camera is doing when all you've supplied is a static image and it doesn't know what action the subject should do. Right, they might be smiling in the photo, but then what if a lightning bolt strikes a tree behind them, right? Because you just gave an image, AI doesn't know what's going to happen after. So that's why these are really important and I won't go over this too much because we talked about it in the last video and I've got some examples below. Now, thinking logically through this, now that we are not supplying an image, there's a lot more detail in context that we're going to have to provide to the AI. So up first, you need to define what the subject is, right? All of these are additional prompt requirements. You have to include these if you want any control over your video output. So that first one is subjects who or what is in your scene, okay? It could be a person, it could be an animal, it could be a talking tree or a robot. There might be multiple subjects in your scene, it could be a busy city street, it could be two cats fighting one another, it could be ants trying to take over the moon. It really, you can go crazy with this, but you need to define what your subject is. That's kind of, you know, a pretty basic one here. The next one though, and this is really important, is your shot composition or framing, okay? When you're using AI image to video, the framing is already done. Is it a super close-up shot? Is it a wide shot? Is it a medium shot, which is pretty much from your waist up? Is it a long shot filmed on a really zoomed-in lens from far away? Is it a side-angle profile? Is it a macro shot, which is like when you can see small details like anything that's normally too close to the lens to focus on? Is it a drone shot filmed from up in the sky or is it something unique like an over-the-shoulder shot? All things that you really want to consider, you can be really basic, you could just say a wide shot, you could say a full-body shot, you can describe it in words if you don't know the, you know, exact film technical words for these different compositions, but you could also go to chat chat between ask for its input on how it thinks that scene should be framed. Again, the sky is really the limit and it's totally up to you, but I want to let you know that this is something you should include in your prompt. And of course, I've got examples underneath the requirements here. Now, after that, we have the environment or the setting. Similar to the fact that we need to define who our subject is, we also need to define where they are. Are they in the forest? Are they on a train? Are they, you know, on top of a mountain? All these things are really important. And then up next, we have our last required prompt element and that is your visual style. Okay? Again, when you supply an image, it knows is that a real human being or is it a CG animated dog? Or is it like a studio, ghibli animation or a Marvel comic style graphic? All of these things are easy for the AI to get when you supply the image, but when you're just doing text to video, the AI doesn't know so you want to let it know. Now, below all have even more potential styles listed out that you can choose from, but I've also got some basic examples on screen here. And then up next, we've got some bonus prompt elements. These are like enhancements. You definitely don't need to include these, but it does help again, give AI more context. So up first, we have the lighting style. And again, if you're not, you know, a filmmaker and you know nothing about lighting, you can describe things simply with words. You could say like a nice, cozy feeling, right? Or you could say filmed with a book light, which is, you know, a specific type of lighting used in Hollywood, but you can also describe things from directionality and also intensity. All right, is there a lot of light? Is it midday or is it at night where it's maybe just street lights? Is the lighting coming from behind them? Is it coming from the side of them? Is it directly above them? All these things are really important and can help give you more control. After that, you're going to want to talk about the different colors of light. Okay? Is it just white daylight? Is it, you know, orange and neon colors? Another factor would be the time of day lighting, right? Is it sunset? Sunrise? Middle of the day? Is it blue hour, which is the hour basically after sunset? All really important elements. Now, kind of building off that time of day, element to your prompt, we also have the atmosphere or environmental effects that are going on. So for example, you could have fog, rain, snow, wind, smoke, dust, embers. You can go as crazy as you want with this, but really you can also keep it simple. Just something to consider. And then finally, our last bonus element is the color palette. So you want it to be super saturated with bright, intense colors. Do you want it to be black and white like an old Noir film? You can also describe similar color tones to other movies or shows that you're familiar with. Like Blade Runner has a really popular and kind of iconic film and lighting style and color palette. And you could obviously describe it like that to AI. And it will hopefully, if it's a big enough show or movie, it should be able to kind of understand what you're saying. But nonetheless, those are just some bonus enhancements. I don't want to overwhelm you. Your prompts don't need to be like a book. Okay, they can just be really simple and touch on each of these with one sentence. Now, it's really cool here. And why I have this all written in the description below is you can actually go down there, copy all of this text, bring it over to chat GPT and say following the framework that I've pasted here, can you create a text to video prompt for blank scene? Now, you can just briefly describe that scene and then chat GPT will take this framework that we've created and go and build out a very large prompt. Now, the key here is you don't want to just blindly accept whatever chat GPT writes. But now you have the fully written prompt in you where you can take individual details from that prompt and change it. This is how you can really save a ton of time by taking a proven framework, giving it to chat, letting it do all the thinking, all the writing. And then you just sitting back and saying, I want to change this or I like that or maybe I hadn't thought of that. Let's keep it. Either way, you just get a ton more control and it saves you time. But with that being said, you now know the real magic when it comes to making solid video prompts. Learn and control this side of the equation and then use the tools that I've linked in the description below and you'll be right where you want to be. There's not much magic to it other than that. With that being said, I do have some really cool videos that I've generated with AI using this kind of prompt formula, this framework. So what we'll do here is play the AI clips that I want to share with you. Just giving you time, you can pause it, read through it, just kind of get an idea of what the AI used to create the video. All of these prompts will also be listed below. So if you see anything you like, you can copy it, change it, paste it, whatever you like, it's yours to do with. But with that being said, thank you so much for watching this video and I will see you in the next one.