In this video, I'm going to show you how to edit podcasts automatically with a tool called Autopod. Quick disclaimer, this tool does only work in Premiere Pro, but in the description below, I will list out any alternatives that come out in the future that work for DaVinci Resolve, Final Cut, any of the other editors, as well as other free alternatives. Right now, Autopod is the only tool I know that does this, but like anything, more going to come out. And I will link them in the description for you. All right, so if you edit podcasts, I think this is one of the most valuable tools out there. Unfortunately, it is paid. It has a free trial, which you can use to get a month for free and test out the features. But if you edit, you know, at least one podcast per month, this tool is going to save you two to four, to maybe even five hours, depending on how long your podcast episode is. So at $29 per month, assuming it saves you two to three hours per video, that's already paying for itself like crazy. To get to the actual site, it's autopod.fm. You can start a free trial, you can buy it yearly if you want to save even more money. But from there, just follow the instructions. It does only work in Premiere Pro at this time, but considering Premiere Pro is one of the most popular editing programs on Earth, I think that's fine. Now, once you get it installed, you just follow the basic prompts. We are going to walk you through how it works. Now, I have this video right here. So it's a podcast where we've got three different cameras. Okay. We have this layer up top, which is the center angle of both of us talking. If I turn that off, then we have the angle of just me. And then if we turn that off, we've the angle of just Ashley. Now, normally to edit a podcast, you go through in cut every single angle to show who's talking to ad emphasis, do whatever you want, right? It would literally mean like, okay, here I'm talking. So we'll cut this, delete it. We'll open up a frame here. Okay. Now, now I'm talking. And then once I stop talking right here, we'll then open up space for Ashley to talk. And then when she stops talking, you know, we'll go back to the center angle and just literally go back and forth and back and forth and back and forth for an entire, you know, hour and 14 minute long episode. It's a very, very grueling process. And again, it takes hours. It's really not a creative process. You're just cutting between clips. AutoPod is great. Okay. Come up to window, go to extensions, and then you can go to autoPod multi-camera editor. It does have other features like jump cut editor and social clip creator. We're not talking about those right now. So we'll just hit multi-camera editor. Now a dialogue will pop up. It'll verify that you're actually a paying member. And now a lot of settings, I'm just going to walk you through each one and then show you the magic. So cutting method, I'll actually come here and go to enable disable. What this does is as it cuts through the entire podcast and changes all those angles for you, rather than deleting the clips that it's not showing, it just cuts and enables and disables them like this, right? When I hit this shortcut, I'm disabling that top clip. It's still there and I can just enable it to turn it back on. It's like non-destructive editing. Okay. It's easier to maybe like make a change after the fact if you want to do. So we'll do enable disable. Then you can choose how often you want the wide shot to be used, right? I usually use medium or if anything low just because I think it's best to show the speakers face most often. And then from there, how many speakers do you have? Now we have just two, but crazy that you could go up to 10 speakers here. And then how many cameras do we have? We've three cameras, right? Because we have one on each speaker and then one main camera. Now from here, I leave these settings exactly as is. If you went through this process and had auto pod cut up everything for you and you didn't like, you know, you know, it was cutting too fast. You could ignore cuts that are less than three seconds, right? Instead of the one second, you could delay the cuts longer if you wanted to. But again, I just leave these exactly where they are. And now this is key. Okay. Speaker names. All right. A1. That is a reference to this audio track here. See A1 and then we have this audio track. I know that that audio track is Ashley's audio. So I'm just going to name that Ashley. And then a two again, just move this over here. A2 is referencing the second audio track. All right. This one right here. And I know that is me. It's all right. My name. And then V1, right? So V1, this layer here is Ashley. It's already got Ashley. V2 is me. So we'll change that to Anthony. And then V3 is the center angle with both speakers. So we will hit all speakers. That is really all you need to do from auto pod side. The only other thing I want to mention is you have to make sure that these clips are already lined up. They're synchronized. And that you have them all ending on the proper frame. Okay. What I mean by that is you don't want one clip here, one clip here, one clip here, right? You just want them all to end at exactly the same frames. So at the end of the podcast here, right? We just put a we just put a hard cut and deleted everything. Okay. If you don't know how to synchronize in Premiere Pro, good news. It's really easy. You can just right click on everything selected and hit synchronize. It will analyze the audio of the different layers, snap them all together, and you'll be good to go. Otherwise, you just have to look for that moment where they all line up. I usually would like create a cut point, create a cut point, create a cut point, say that's where they all lined up. And then it would make life easier of basically just lining those cut points all up, right? And then let's say that's how they all line up. Okay. Perfect. Then you can just select the cut points, delete, delete, delete. That's obviously not how these line up, but it's an easy trick to do that. We'll just go back because I've already synchronized them. So that is literally it. From there, you just hit create multi-cam edit and then watch the magic happen. Now, depending on how long your clips are, it'll take a second here just to get like the engines going. But once it does get moving, it goes real fast. Okay. All right. So the processing is done. And I mean, look at this, right? It's literally going through and editing everything, making all the cuts. What you see in light blue are the enabled clips. The dark blue ones are just disabled. They're not showing. And you can see it's just switching back and forth every time one of us starts talking. It recognizes that and it makes all the cuts for you. And I mean, come on. Tell me that's not just super cool. Hands off, let AI do all the editing for you. And just like that, we have an edited podcast, right? You can see it just cuts back and forth between us, depending on who's speaking. And occasionally it will go back to that main wide shot. These clips aren't color corrected just yet. That's why they look a little washed out. They were shot in log. But anyways, I mean, just so freaking helpful. That normally takes just so long and it's so tedious. And it's the worst part of cutting a podcast. But anyways, it is a super helpful tool. And I'm sure as time goes on, alternatives are going to come out that are either, you know, more affordable, available for other editors like DaVinci Resolve, Final Cut Pro, things like that. As soon as I know of those alternatives, I'll have them linked below. So check out the description if you use another editor. Other than that, thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next one.