An amazing bonus of this course is that you get lifetime access to our worldwide student community where you can connect and interact with your fellow content creators. You can ask questions, answer other people's questions, you can participate in contests, and even jump on our live weekly Q&A calls hosted by our team. So if you haven't already, make sure to join that community, the instructions on how to join along with the group password are written below this module. So check that out after watching the rest of this video. Now here are some quick tips on getting the most out of the student community. Up first, whenever you're going through the course, resist the urge to type questions beneath the videos within the course. You're going to get answers 100 times faster if you instead post your questions in the student community. At any point in the day, there are hundreds if not thousands of students online in that community that can help answer your questions. But first, before you type the question, make sure you hit on the search icon in the group and type your question in there. Odds are, somebody else has already asked your question and you can click on it, see the answers already, and just save yourself a ton of time. Now, if you do end up posting and you want your question answered as quickly as possible, make sure that while you're in the community, you are regularly commenting and providing feedback on other people's posts. It might sound silly, but the way the algorithm in the group works, it prioritizes posts from people who are shown to be active community members. Even if you feel like you're a beginner and you have no input to add to other people's questions, trust me, sometimes it's really helpful to get a beginner's perspective. You have eyes, you have ears, so if you're watching somebody's video, you can give them feedback even if you don't know what you're talking about. Moving on, make sure that you very carefully read the group rules. We put these rules in place to protect the group and make sure that it doesn't just descend into spanish chaos like so many other groups online. So instead of posting direct links to your YouTube videos, your social media pages, and asking people to like and follow, instead upload the video or content directly to the group and ask for specific questions like, hey, what feedback do you have from my hook? How could I improve my lighting? Do you have any tips on how I could better speak on camera? The more specific you are with what you ask and the more clear you are on what your goals are with whatever it is that you're doing, the better responses you'll get. We value our community a ton and we are very strict when it comes to enforcing these rules and removing anyone from the group who consistently breaks them. And then finally, in case you missed it earlier, I do host a weekly live Q&A call in the group. The details like how to join the call and what time it's hosted are listed in the description beneath this video. So mark that time on your calendar and come ready to ask your questions. I do recommend getting on as early as you can. That way, you know, you can basically guarantee I won't miss your question because I typically stay on for about an hour. Now, one last quick request about the group. Make sure that you keep us updated and post your wins. Whether it's getting your first million view video, selling your first online course, or something as simple as shooting your first ever video. Nothing is more motivating than seeing other people take action and work towards their goals. So please, don't be a stranger and let us all celebrate with you in the community. Okay, really quick. I am cutting in from the future. It's been a few months since I filmed the video you were just watching. We've had a lot of people sign up to the AI Creator course, which is great. And our group is growing extremely fast. Now, this is a really good thing, but it has presented us with one challenge that I want to get on the same page with you right now. The challenge is basically this. Later on in this course, you're going to learn how to do a ton of things with AI. For example, one of them is learning how to create your AI clone. You can become a superhero, you can fly in outer space, swim in the ocean with sharks. It's addictive how much you can do with this technology. The challenge though is that most beginners in their excitement are going to go over to the student Facebook group and post all of these photos and say, look at me. I'm a superhero. Again, this is great. I am really excited for you. I remember how excited I was when I first learned these things. But for all of the thousands of people in the group, they've probably seen these superhero photos thousands of times at this point. And it can get a little redundant to log into Facebook every day and see more people posting photos of themselves as superheroes. So long story short, my request to you is that you treat the Facebook group as a place to ask genuine questions about the content you're creating. This is one of our major rules in the Facebook group is that you must ask for feedback whenever you're sharing content that you've created. Our group is not a place where you can just share videos and photos for fun. It is a really serious place to learn and get better when it comes to content creation. If you don't have any questions about how to improve and you're just posting it for fun, please refrain from posting it to the group and instead share it with your friends and family, people who probably haven't seen images and videos like this many times in the group. If you can do this favor for me, I promise our group is going to continue to be one of the most supportive and valuable groups on Earth when it comes to content creation. Thank you for your understanding and I'll see you in the next one.