What's up creators, Anthony here, and today we've got a really cool training for you. A couple weeks ago, I was scrolling through our student Facebook group when I came across a post that really impressed me. It was an animated music video made by one of our students, Samuel Chung. Now Sam is a super talented musician who's always dreamed of creating high quality animated music videos to bring his songs to life. A few years ago, he actually started the process, but after getting a rough storyboard made, the costs were so high that he basically put a pause on the project. That is, until AI changed the game. With the help of what he learned in this course, Sam was finally able to turn his vision into a reality without needing to spend the thousands of dollars traditional animation required. After seeing his video, I reached out to Sam and offered to pay him to walk through his entire workflow. How he did it, what tools he used, and all of the creative decisions along the way. Hopefully you enjoy learning from me in our courses, but I think it's also really valuable to hear other people's perspectives and see their creative workflows. Anyways, Sam was pumped and he agreed to record a detailed training video, and that's exactly what you're about to see. But before I show you his music video and his in-depth breakdown, just a few quick notes to help you get the most out of this video. First off, this is a more advanced breakdown. If you're brand new to AI or content creation in general, hit pause on this video and go back to the beginning of this section in the course. In order to save time and make this video easy to watch, Sam does not stop and explain all of the beginner basics throughout the video. We already cover the basics in the earlier videos in this section of the course, so he doesn't really need to repeat everything that I've already explained in the previous videos. So if you find yourself getting confused or overwhelmed watching Sam's video, make sure you go back to the beginning and watch the foundational training videos. It will help you so much and it won't take that long. Second note, throughout this tutorial, you're gonna see a lot of prompts and visual examples. If you want to pause the video and study those at any point, go for it. Third, Sam uses Nano Banana for his image generation and Halo O for turning those images into animated videos. If you've been through this course, you know I love Nano Banana. Halo O, however, isn't a video generator that I use all the time, but it works pretty much the same exact way as VO and Kling, which we cover extensively in this course. Halo O is just a little more specific to animations. Now, I will have direct links to both Nano Banana Pro and Halo O in the description below. So just scroll beneath this video and you'll see all the links to the tools so you can try them out yourself. Now, throughout this video, Sam is using the AI tools through Halo O's native platform, but you don't need to use Halo O. These are all just like platforms that allow you to have one account and access a bunch of different AI tools. They all work basically the same, so don't feel like you need to go and subscribe to the actual Halo O platform. All right, now that we've got that covered, let's check out Sam's music video and then we'll dive into the full behind the scenes breakdown. Enjoy. I fell in love with a girl from across the world. She says she dreams of stars and the trip tomorrow's would pay swell. I said I'll try my best to make your dreams come true. Oh, we can die on the moon and death's on Saturn's dreams. I do anything for you, because I know how to make my heart sing. Though I can't afford, and I might be hard, but I'd walk a thousand miles just to see your face. Let's tell you to put on your rock and shoes and fly you up to space. I'll sweep you off your feet and take your breath away. Walking down the street, I'ma feel it getting sore. Just think about your smiles, I want you to say what I get to your door. Though you can't afford, and I might be hard, but I'd walk a thousand miles just to see your face. Oh, tell you to put on your rock and shoes and fly you up to space. I'll sweep you off your feet and take your breath away. Walk a thousand miles just to see your face. Let's tell you to put on your rock and shoes and fly you up to space. I'll sweep you off your feet and take your breath away. Hey everybody, Sam here. Today I just wanted to do a bit of a case study of what is possible with AI nowadays. The technology here, I think the most relevant to this project advancement that AI came up with was Nanofanana Pro. It's so good at consistent characters, the way that you can communicate with it. It's actually pretty intuitive, and it just made everything super effective to get what you want out of it. Let's just recap the tools that I've used for this project. Definitely a lot of chat GPT. I use chat GPT to make the prompts that then go into Nanofanana. For the image generation side of things, I used Nanofanana Pro, and I used it on the Highloo Minimax platform. Now after some experimentation, I did find Highloo Minimax to be my favorite when it comes to movements and animation. I also have Canva, I sometimes use to edit images to communicate better with Nanofanana Pro if I'm really, really struggling to get Nanofanana Pro to give me what I want. For example, this scene right here, the original image was like this. I wanted the other side, and I was prompting Nanofanana Pro, and it wasn't giving it to me. I just went into Canva, flipped it, and told Nanofanana Pro to do it from this angle. But I actually took the output from Nanofanana Pro because it's 4K, and I just know I'm getting 4K. I don't know if there was a question on how do I upscale my content. I actually don't do any additional upscale. I just try to get the Nanofanana output as high as possible, and then in Highloo, the animation as high as possible, and I find that works better than upscaling. This is my experience, so I'm getting the best quality. My other experience with upscaling, I do find they kind of get rid of a lot of the details that I'd like from the animations. So that's kind of how I operate. Awesome. So we got Chachi PT, and we got Nanofanana Pro, and Highloo Mini Max. So that's actually the main thing when it comes to getting the raw content before putting it into Cap Cut. I do have some assets for this already. Many years ago, when I first came up with the idea, I wrote the songs, I recorded the songs, so I have some audio here. We're only going to use the raw-cutchews audio, because that's the song that we're going to be doing. So I had these drawings done. I also put all these together into Movie Maker, and I just timed it to the music, and we had this animatic here. It's pretty cool, right? You got your storyboard, got the animatic, so I got the idea down and the timing of everything. And we have some scenes here, and later you'll kind of notice and kind of see how we turn this all into a final product using AI. So we have all the individual screens here, and this is really important. So I went into Chachi PT, and I just kind of out of curiosity asked, you know, if I upload an MP4 file, that's an animatic that I drew for a Pixel Style Story. Music video, would you be able to find all the characters and list them out for us to make a character design for full animations? So I kind of just popped that question in there, just to see what happens, and you know, Chachi PT says, yes, great. So I uploaded the file, right? So from here, Chachi PT asks, you know, for some clarifications on what I'm asking it to do, you know, it asks if it wants every character like drawing or just kind of the intended story characters. So rough placeholders, it's just asking me all these questions, but at the end of the day, it asks me A or B, you know, which is, you know, right here, A, identify a character or B, identify the intended story. So what I wanted to do was extract story relevant characters, you know, and things like that. And I said, this is for real Pixel Style production. So perfect. Then another confirmation, it does ask me to confirm more things. Do you want human characters or the animal characters, fantasy characters, a mix? And then it asks me ABC or D to make sure that I am following its thought process. So I've said I want the human characters and the one dog character. And when I scan through the animatic earlier, I'm sure you kind of spotted that there were some characters and there was a dog in there too. So it's clarifying so more asking if I want to fix cast, core cast plus extras. And I just said fix cast. There's four character models that I want to have. It's right here, the protagonist supporting characters and antagonists. So it's just asking for more clarifications. And then one more clarification, it's asking for the style like, you know, do I want very detailed outputs, medium outputs or just simple, a clean list of short descriptions. So kind of how I said it is, you know, after, you know, it determines the characters, you know, I want the chat to be to describe it for me. And this is just so I can kind of, you know, see where chat GPT is at, see if it understands what I want. And from there, then I'll start kind of asking for more things. Right now it's showing me what it wants to do in terms of process. And then more clarifications. So it finally was able to identify all the characters, right? We got the primary protagonist, a secondary tertiary and the dog. So it found all the characters, I think at some point I noticed that there was some misunderstanding with the narrative from what it picked up from my animatic. The dog in their description was a wholesome emotional support character. And I think that's where the miss was. So I had to go back and correct it based on this thing because the dog was actually an angry dog. That was chasing, chasing the kid around. So I had to clarify that. So I just rewrote the whole premise of the story that I had in my mind. And this is just an overall summary. Like I was able to get everything in there within one paragraph. And it turned into what it is now. So so it's pretty interesting how something so small could be made into something special. So I clarified the storyline again. And this also helps me in the future. But this, this time was a little bit different because I had the animatic to start. But if I didn't have the animatic, then I would actually be hand writing the summary of the story first. So it seems to understand what the story is. So it reclarified and rewrote all the characters and the story. So we got the three characters and the dog. And then it even made a little bit of a spreadsheet and made some read on how important it is. And this is all like just for me to feel like chat GPT is understanding what I'm trying to say. So I confirmed that everything is good. And we could go to proceed the character design briefs. Right. Yeah. So you got all the briefs of each character. And then it has all the six qualities of each character. So that's pretty cool that it did all that. But what I ended up doing was is, you know, after I kind of went through it and was sure it understood what I wanted to say, then we have the important part. Where is let's make a prompt structure first. That will be reused to ensure consistency. And this is how I ensure consistency is that I always ask chat GPT for a prompt structure. And what that is, there's pretty much like a template of, you know, Pixar-style 3D character, a design rendered, you know, cloudy with a chance of meatballs inspired and all that kind of stuff. Right. So all I have to do is fill in the character name and what it's what they're doing and things like that. And all the little kind of details. But at the same time, it's always nice to have the template to use. Now, eventually when you get into nano banana and you have a lot of images to work with, you're probably going to need to simplify it to be like one or two lines of what you want changed because you have all these image references. But, you know, worst case scenario, let's say nano banana is not figuring it out, then you can always go back to the template and try again, start from the beginning. And this will ensure consistency because you'll notice as you kind of go down the rabbit hole with AI, it'll kind of lose consistency, it'll kind of morph everything too far off and things like that. So it's nice to be able to kind of rope everything back using image references and even further back would be the template. Right. So I like to use a prompt structure as a template when I create a project. Okay. So yes, resounding yes to lock in that structure. And then we start making the character descriptions. Right. So this is very cool because now it has final locked master prompt and it looks like this. And if I had to write this myself, I don't think that's going to do well. But anyway, so we proceed to number three where we're making the full prompts for the character model. So very cool. So it's doing what it said, you know, it had the prompts structure and then now it's throwing in the character profile. Right. Similar to what I wrote here and it gave me this code. And it also gave me three quarter view side view back view. But on like regular animation, I would say that's important because you want to have the character sheet and have the all aspects of this. And it's different than creating character consistency like in flux and stuff like that. Because we're using nano banana, it almost works best in my experience to just have the one front view, especially for animation. The one front view, simple, clean, no backgrounds and stuff like that, it will do very well. So when I copied the code from chat to be teak with our character profile, just the front view, and we paste it here. Right. For nano banana. Right. I came up with this character. If you kind of look back at the animatically head, the character has glasses. So we wanted to have glasses. So the workflow would be you'd click reference and then I just add large thick square glasses. So that's how I did it. So let me just do it for you guys just so you know. So let's say I plugged in my prompt. It came up this. I do a click reference and then add thick square glasses to the character. And because originally it was 916, 4K, and then go. So that's kind of how I did it. And then it will take its time. Right. So it's creating that. But in the at the end, it came up with this. And this is the character we use in the final video. So I just favored it. So because we're going to come back to him a lot. Right. Same with all these other characters. If I go back to my chat GPT, I skipped all these character sheet stuff. But this is all kind of very interesting. But because we're using nano banana, we don't need this stuff anymore as much. And then you know, you got the character to front view and copy paste. So you got this and I had to kind of alter it to give me the full body image, full body image, and the dog full body image. Really like this dog, which is a model by the way. Now that we have the characters, let's create the environment. So I kind of wanted to start off by saying this is the aerial view of the city. How do I prompt this using the prompt style we have already created for Pixar style image. So it gives me the prompt. Then I also asked it to give me a prompt for the next frame. So at this point when we're kind of on a roll, things get pretty repetitive. But I made sure that I had an image for every frame. Right. And you can see there are some of it's not super detailed. But pretty much I took the animatic, took the frames from the animatic, and then just asked it to make the prompts for it. I just say next frame, throw in the sketch, and it gives me the prompt. And then I say next frame. And I do give it a little bit of a description because of the quality of the sketch, it can't always pick out what's going on. So I kind of just give it a bit of a push in the right direction by describing a little bit, gives me the prompt, and so on so forth. So what I am in the process of doing at this point was uploading the drawings, telling chaff chubit to give me the nano banana prompt relating to the drawing. And how that works so you know it gives me the prompt. A lot of times I could just throw the prompt in and it works. Let's say for this one, it gave me the prompt, but I didn't really like the rooftops of this drawing, right? Another time it gave me these rooftops. So I kind of prefer these rooftops over these smooth futuristic rooftops, but I did need the neighborhood scene. The good thing about nano banana is that when you communicate with it, you have these images that you've already created that you can use to communicate better with nano banana. It probably can maintain the current image and then change the rooftops. Probably can, but it does help because I actually don't know what kind of rooftop this is. Some kind of shingles, some kind of thing with gutters. I don't know how to say it. So it's nice to just have the image and throw it at nano banana to create something like that. So it came up with this. But as you could see, all I had to prompt at this point once I had the images was use the houses in image one to the street in image two. The final result should look should be the same shot as image two. So if you could kind of see here what it worked with was you could see image one was the rooftop image two was the neighborhood and I just combined those images for this output right here. And you're going to be doing that a lot. And this is how you kind of hone in on the specifics with nano banana pro. And this is how I kept my character consistencies because sometimes it just gives you the perfect frame, but doesn't get your character right, then you always have this option to use references and shove your character into the shot. This is the shot we use because I wanted to light it a little bit better. This just looked too spooky. At this point, I had enough stuff that I could start using the images a lot to kind of get what I want. Let's talk about how to change character angles while maintaining character consistency. This is a shot that I didn't end up getting to use, but I kind of also really liked it. And why I wanted to use this as an example. Obviously we had the initial prompt and this is one that chat GPT wrote, but on top of this, I had the image references the previous image down here. Right. So I use the image reference and I also use the sketch for the angle. Right. And I think that kind of helps us get a more specific shot because if I just say give me a profile of this a lot of times it'll just kind of do this where you get the profile of the character, but you're not getting the profile of the entire scene. So even this one was pretty good, but I wanted one where it was, you know, more out of the window like this. But at the end, I didn't end up getting to use the shot anyways because the other ones just worked better when it came down to the video. So we kept moving forward. We have the other character in the window, but obviously she's too high up in the window. It was very easy for me to just take that image right as a reference and have the character be lower from the window, but that's kind of how I did this. And it's just about massaging it until you get the right shot. And I think I opted for this shot and so on. And yes, this is the process. This window was actually quite a challenging endeavor as well. Sometimes you have to google some terms. For example, the bars inside the window, I had to google what that was actually called. They were called window mutants or something like that. Finally, I got something close enough without the curtain. And it was very easy for me to just add the other curtain, right? So long process, but it's all just about massaging the AI to give you what you want. And it's just about communication. After I got enough scenes, then I started to kind of do the video part of it. Now a lot of times I do find because when you click generate and things like that, it does take time for the nano banana to work, for the high-low to work. So my workflow would actually be a little bit multitasking. For example, yeah, if I go here and I go all, you can see that I'm bouncing between like image generation and video generation and video generation and image generation. It just goes back and forth because actually while I'm waiting for the image to generate, I'm generating the video while I'm waiting for the video to generate, I'm generating the image. So a lot of multitasking at the same time just how to make the most out of your time or else you'll just be sitting there waiting. Sometimes there are bottlenecks where you really wanted to rely on the previous scene, then you have to wait for it. But when that happens, then you jump into cap cut and you start editing. So that's kind of how I bounce back and forth in the whole process. I just get into the zone and then I just kind of keep creating. All right, so I want to make this part about the video creation aspect of things. So what we have here, you get your nano banana pro image and you throw it into the video generator. So pretty much you have your image, right? I get to click recreate so you kind of see what I went for here. You got your image and for this one, I didn't really want anything to move. So I just kind of set an epic establishing shot. Carrier sits still observing as an epic space scene gently moves. Okay, and what I have here is another template that I use for a high-luo a lot, which is no exposure change, make the video smooth, realistic, no blur, no distortion, and stuff like that. I just find throwing this at the end of every video prompt does make things a little smoother. But when we do things, I'll do an example with an image just so you know how this works. And I'm going to use this to make a video. Right. So I actually have a preset in my high-luo right if I go my presets right here. So no exposure change, make video smooth, realistic, no blur, things like that. And from here, I will type in my prompt. So for example, I want him to fly to the moon so I could say character fly the, I would say the character that helps a lot too. If I don't say the, I find sometimes I'll create a new character. Now this is high-luo 2.3. So it's a lot better at not doing that. But I find other kind of video AI if you don't use the or you just don't use anything. Sometimes they'll make a new character for you. So I'm not a big fan of that. So the character lies off into the distance towards the moon in the distant background. Right. I just have a feeling that maybe the AI can't tell how far the moon is. So I just have to add that as well. Okay. And then from here, you know, you have options 1080. Like I said, I try to do the nano banana exports at 4k. Then my high-luo the max second go is 1080 at 6. Then I go create there. Okay. So that's how I would make my videos. So I pretty much go through all the frames and then just kind of animate them this way. And I have some specific weird special cases for you in the next video. So while I'm actually making the videos and the images, I'm actually also piecing together the final product on cap cut at the same time. Like I said, there's a lot of waiting period in between. And during those waiting periods is when I kind of do the stuff that doesn't need waiting. So usually a lot of times it's with cap cut. Here, let's watch it real quick. Okay. So what I wanted to bring to your attention is that that scene that kind of overall felt very like congruent. You know, he walks by the flowers. He reaches over. He picks up the flower and he keeps walking. I kind of want to show you what video outputs that I got from the AI then I threw into cap cut and edited it till it worked because this is kind of the stuff that I was working with. So you got this shot. And this is completely unusable, right? If I kind of go recreate you kind of see how I did this one that didn't work out is that I want him to be walking by the flowers. Right. So he's from here and he'll walk by the flowers. And I understand why it's not the AI's fault because you could see from the houses here how it's so far back. So this specific one did not work out well. So I had to kind of experiment. This one was the one I ended up using, which is pretty interesting because this one I use high lows and frame function, which only works for high low 2.0. So this was the end frame I want to work with. And I use a simple prop. And I find the simpler prompts work well. You just make a simple prompt and throw in your little template afterwards. And it usually works. So characters walking along, pulling a wagon, simple movements, make videos move. So how it ended up doing it is with this. So he comes out of the bush and pulls the wagon. But here's the cool thing. And this is kind of going to help you guys a lot because you can be generating and generating and generating and not getting the exact thing that you want, which for me in this case was just him walking down the street. But I did find that within this clip from right around here, from four seconds to six seconds was actually gold. So I was able to kind of come in here. Have you see that around this scene right here, right here? You wouldn't have known he came out of the bush. Let me see if there was any time change. No, so I didn't even have the time change that. So that was just a perfect two seconds right from here because I had this one and it naturally transitioned to that. I wouldn't even say I'd clip it a little bit so the wagon is straight, but it's not a big deal. You know, the wagon's waiver. But if I clipped it so the wagon is straight even more straight, that even felt more natural. Right. And to reiterate, this was actually, I don't even have that this one. That was actually from this video jumping to this video. So that's the magic of editing on cap cut. If you do it right, you can make them seem like they were part of just one straight forward scene. So here to here, if you notice, these are actually two different videos. Right. And this is the good thing about high lul. Well, this is something you can do because you could do n frame and beginning frame. Then as you can see here, I can, this is in the one I chose. I chose this one. n frame and beginning frame. I used the n frame of the first video and made it the beginning frame of the next video. Now in this specific case, it worked out well. But I do find a lot of times it rarely works out. But in this case, it worked out a lot of times, there's like a little bit of a change. And I'll actually show you right here where I had to do it again with this scene right here, even from this scene to this scene. Now I don't know if you can notice that. But if I take away this little fade in, you can see here this, that little exposure change, that usually happens when you do n frame to beginning frame. And it just drives me nuts. Now I try to fix a little bit with the transition. But if someone's really paying attention, then that's what kind of gets me. So I kind of avoid doing n frame to beginning frame because if you do this all the time, it's like, you know, filming with automatic white balance, right? Where the camera just keeps white balancing live and it just ruins the whole shot. So stuff like that, I have to do it again here. See that? Oh, so this is why I kind of avoid it. And why a lot of my workflow is actually, if I do know I have to do this, right? I would actually grab this image and I will throw it into nano banana. I would ask it to kind of tighten around like the face or something like that. Bottom line is how I would avoid that problem is that I would change the shot angle. Now because of I'm timing it to a music video and this kind of is fine. Like I think it's okay. I did try to color correct it a touch, but because it just moves, then it didn't really help. Either way, you get these little things and this is why I'm not a big fan of using beginning frame to end frame, end frame to beginning frame directly. Now I will do it, but then I will just kind of change the angle in between. So when it comes back, it feels more, you know, on purpose. And this is how we make the AI. I wouldn't say hide the mistakes of the AI, but this is kind of how we dig through the dirt to find the goal, right? Even if the AI does make mistakes and it always does, right? You got to kind of figure out how you want to fix it or use it or don't even use it if it's too much work. But back to this flower scene because I had a lot of trouble right here, right? Right here, just this picking and moving, right? And you can see why I had to kind of do a fade out, which is fine because, you know, emotionally it makes sense, you know, he picks a flower and he's continuing working and like continuing walking. There might be a little bit of a time skip in between. So what I ended up having to do because this getting him to pick a flower, I don't know. Sometimes there's certain actions that AI just cannot handle, right? Look, you know, I'm just saying pluck the flower, he plucks the pedals. If I go to assets, then you can kind of see how difficult this was overall. Okay. So these are all my attempts, right? So you got, you got this one, right? He just loses it. Right. You got this one, right? And he just doesn't, yeah, he just gives up on it and you got this one. And he just bends it and so on and so forth. So it just sometimes it just won't give it to you. Right? You know, you use two hands and that was a little bit of a problem for me. This wasn't actually bad, but because I know the next scene, he'd be holding it in his left hand, or the other hand, I didn't really like that. What else? And he picks a second flower. So that bugged me. And you know, I changed the words I use pluck. I use pick. I use pluck from the bush, pick from the bush. I used a lot of things. This is the one we ended up going with. Now you do notice he's now wearing pants instead of shorts and he steps into close, which makes it a little bit harder. So what I ended up doing is literally from second one to second three. So you got your three seconds right there. If I come back to here, you notice it's literally from here and I have to fade it out before and you can't see his pants come in right there. But you know, if you're kind of just watching it for the first time, you're not over analyzing it. You won't notice stuff like that. But sometimes you're just going to have to make it work or else you'll go crazy like I did trying to get it to do what I want. Another important one that I find since we're on the topic is sometimes you're just going to have to intervene a lot. So right here, this this one, and you'll see it right away now that I bring it up, which I'm kind of embarrassed to. But you know, you'll notice it now when you watch the full video. So I was actually having a lot of trouble with the shooting star because you can see I did a few times like four times now, you know, so you can kind of see what we got here. So you got the slow moving thing. This is not bad actually. I kind of wish I used this one instead. But anyways, then you have the one that I ended up using and you can see it's quite slow. And then this one just looks like a comet. And this one's just I just didn't like the streak was so long. Not bad though. But I didn't like the streak was so long. But the common theme between all four of these was that it was way too slow that I wanted. So for this one, the shot that I ended up doing, you see it was 10 times the speed, right? But so I needed the rest of the scene. So I ended up using the screenshot or the image that I produced of the sky. I just had the video in between. And obviously I have to sell it by making her very excited for seeing it. So that's kind of how that got pieced back together. So I mean, be okay with these processes, right? You know, obviously if we kind of just keep asking AI to do it, you know, we could inch it a little bit more. But you know, sometimes it's just easier if you kind of do it yourself. And this specific scene because it was the moon and it was a shooting star that I can kind of make fade in, fade out. Like it then you know, I was able to have that luxury of altering it this way. So now let's talk about editing to the beat and cap cut. You can see that I have the audio here. And you see all these little tabs. They actually are supposed to hit the beats of the song. And I'll kind of show you guys how he did that. So I'll get rid of that so we can do it here. We have my song right here that we're going to use this one. If I kind of zoom in though, I do see there's some, you know, dead space for it starts. So let's just kind of clean that up just a touch. So now it's in cap cut. And I did like to have those markers. You just press this button right here and you can match it to the beats. So it tried to kind of make a marker for every beat that it sees. And you can see how there the song actually slows down at the end. So you know, the tempo change and things like that. So how that works now that you have the markers is that if you wanted to kind of get something on beat. So right here, let's say I want this transition from her to here to hit on the beat that I can move this and snap it to the closest beat right here. Right. And so it's going to be right on the beat. So that's how you do the beat matching. If that's very important to you, at the end I found it wasn't that important to me. So I ended just kind of timing things as I saw fit. So that's it. Yeah. So this is how I did the video. So it's just kind of more of the same. Just keep going until you, you know, farm all the best scenes and then piece them together. And there you have it. She says she dreams of stars and the trip tomorrow's would pay swell. I said I'll try my best to make your dreams come true. We can die on the moon and death on Saturn dreams. I do anything for you. Cause I know how to make my heart sing. Though you can't afford. And it might be hard but I'd walk a thousand miles just to see your face. So you do put on your rock. It's shoes I'll fly you up to space. I'll sweep you off your feet. Take your breath away. Walking down the street. I'm a leader getting a sore. Just think about your smiles. I want you to say what I get to your door. And though you can't afford. And it might be hard but I'd walk a thousand miles just to see your face. So you do put on your rock. It's shoes I'll fly you up to space. I'll sweep you off your feet. And take your breath away. Un-un-un-un-un-un-un. Walked a thousand miles just to see your face. Set and put on your rocket shoes I'll fly you off to Spain And I'll sweep you off your face Hey, but you aren't here with me I'll fly you off your face