Today you're going to learn one of the most powerful AI video creation workflows image to video. And here's a quick little showcase of what you can create with what you're about to learn. All life begins in darkness. The first steps are fragile and uncertain, but this world is unforgiving. He will face the storm, he will face the predator, he will face moments designed to break but even in the chaos, there will be moments of peace, moments that make it all worth it, because no matter how dangerous this world will be, life finds a way. Hopefully you enjoyed my video. All of those visuals were created using an image to video workflow. Now what does that mean? The name is kind of self-explanatory, but it means I took a static image, like the one on screen, I uploaded that to an image to video tool, I typed a prompt in that defined what I want to happen in the video, I hit enter and then the image was animated into a video. To create that full video you watched, all I did was repeat that process with different images to create everything I needed to edit together the final video. In the past, this would have taken weeks to produce thousands of dollars in complex graphic and animation skills that I do not have, but with AI it took me about an hour and it didn't cost much at all. Now at the most basic level, there are really two main workflows to create an AI video. Image to video and text to video. There are other specialized methods and tools that you're going to learn about in this course, but 90% of AI videos you see out in the world were created using these two techniques. The main difference with text to video is you have no image to start with, you just type in your prompt, hit enter and wait to see the output. This is still a nice workflow, but you leave a lot more up to chance with text to video workflows, and this can cause you to get generations that aren't really what you are looking for, which can cost you time and money. Just think about this simple prompt, make a video of a cat jumping up on a chair. It's pretty simple, right? The AI text to video generator shouldn't have an issue here, but what type of cat is it? Are they jumping up on a chair in a living room indoors, or are they outdoor jumping up on a chair on a deck? Is it daytime or nighttime? If it's daytime, is it cloudy or clear skies? Do you see just how much more detailed you need to be when writing a prompt using the text to video workflow? Each video is going to take at least 30 seconds to complete, so if you get something wrong in your prompt, it's a painful process of running the generation again and again, modifying your prompt each time. Compare this with the image to video workflow. I simply use an AI image generator to create the start image. This is much cheaper and faster than creating videos. I can create 10 variations of images, edit any small details I want, and I can really hone in that final product. From there, I take my favorite image and I animate it into a video using a much simpler prompt. The image gives the AI video tool the context on the subject, the time of day, the style of the image, and so much more, meaning the final output will likely be much closer to what I actually wanted. Imagine trying to create a video of yourself. It would be almost impossible to fully describe your appearance in a written prompt, but with an image tool like NanoBanana Pro, I can easily upload a real photo of myself as a reference, and then prompt NanoBanana to make a new AI image of myself. From there, I can easily animate that image into a video without needing to write a massive prompt describing what I look like. So long story short, this is why I almost always recommend using image to video workflows when creating cinematic AI content. So that's an overview of the image to video workflow. Let me now show you exactly how it works and what tools to use. The good news is there are a ton of AI tools that support image to video workflows. My two favorite are Kling and Vio. What you're seeing on screen now are side by side comparisons of the same images and prompts being animated by each tool. As you can see, they both look great. Personally, I use Kling most of the time, simply because it's much cheaper. The way I approach it is basically I do everything through Kling, and then if I have one output that's just not going the way I want, I will take that image and prompt and test it in Vio to see if it can kind of get closer to what I want. Basically, because Vio is more expensive, I only use it when I have to. Now, there are many different ways that you can access Kling and Vio online. You can subscribe directly to the tools through their primary websites, which require paid subscriptions, or you can access them through an AI marketplace like promptedit.com where you don't need a subscription. You basically just buy credits, which can then be used on any AI tool in the entire marketplace. No matter how you choose to access the tools, they work exactly the same on all platforms. One tool on one platform will not give you higher quality outputs compared to that same tool access from a different platform. As always, I'll be demonstrating the tools on promptedit.com and in the description beneath this video, I will have direct links to all of my favorite video generation tools that you can access subscription free on promptedit.com. Okay, so here we are in promptedit and the interface is really simple, easy to use. To get to the video generation functionality, you're going to come up here to generative AI and just click on video. That's where I am right now and you can also see here in the top left, you could quickly switch back between image generation, video generation, and music generation tools. From there, underneath that, in the video tab, you'll see the specific AI tool that we're using, which right now is Kling 2.6. 2.6 is just the version that I'm using. These tools are always coming out with like new versions, so we have Kling 2.1, Kling 2.6. If I click on this here, you'll also see we have Kling 3.0. 3.0 is new at the time of recording this video. By the time you're watching, there might be like a 3.1 or a 3.5. You can pretty much rest assured that the newest version is always going to be the best, but if you wanted to save some money, save some credits, you can stick to the older models and for right now, 2.6 is what I'm going with. Now, underneath the tool selection, we have this area where we can upload our start frame, basically the image that we're going to animate. If you didn't upload an image here and you just typed in a prompt and hit enter, that would be text to video and there would be no image you're animating. The tool is just going to create a video basically from scratch. But we want to do image to video here, so I'm going to click right here and we're going to upload an image. Now, I like the shot here of our little baby dyno escaping the storm. We're going to click on that and you'll see it's going to upload right there. If you had images like on your desktop or you wanted to like drag them, you can also just drag an image onto that portion of prompt edit and it will upload right away. Nice and easy. Now, underneath that, we have our prompt. Now, I'm going to give you a cheat sheet for writing prompts for image to video in just a second, but really simple here. We're just going to write a basic sentence. The dinosaur looks at the lightning and then runs away. Boom. Nice and simple. Again, the benefit of image to video is the image contains almost all the information that the AI tool needs so we can be pretty simple here. After that, we have our aspect ratio. I'm going to stick to 16 by 9. I want it nice and landscape and then underneath that, we have our duration. Now, cling right now can do five or 10 second clips. I honestly stick to 5.99% of the time. I talk about this a lot, but most Hollywood movies, commercials, TV shows, the type of content you watch every day, the average clip length is under five seconds. You really don't need to make a 10 second clip. You're just spending more credits that you probably don't need to. I'm sticking with five here and then for generate sound. This is a cool feature that cling and video and some other AI tools have. It can actually make sound effects, character dialogues, so you can have speaking dialogue in your videos. If you want, you can have cling do this for you. I will do that now and switch it to yes and then we'll hit generate. Now, you can see in the center of the screen here, we have our new generation that's loading up. The AI tool is basically working to animate that image. Well, it does that. We'll go over to the right side of the screen here and you can see all of the details of this generation. So we have the model we used when it was created. We have the prompt, which if you wanted to just quickly copy that prompt, you could always just click on it and it will automatically copy to your clipboard where you could paste it somewhere else and use it again. Underneath that, we have our parameters. So we have the mode, the duration, the aspect ratio and whether or not we wanted sound. And underneath that, we have a little preview of our reference image. And just like that, our video is done here. We can play it and get a preview. So he looks back at the storm and then he runs away. So pretty dang good version of our prompt right there. If I wanted to download this video, I can hit download up here in the top right corner that will go straight to the downloads folder on my computer. And if maybe I wanted to tweak that, make a change. All of those details are still going to be loaded up here on the left hand side of the screen. So I could make a small change. I could hit generate and we'd be good to go again. What's also nice here is we have a history of all of the previous generations that we've ran. Let's say you were working on a video in all of a sudden you wanted to make a change to this video right here, whatever it may be, rather than reload and retype all of those details onto the left hand side of the screen, you can actually just come down here and click reuse. You can see that now loaded the image backup as our start frame and it loaded my prompt, which was very simple. The flower slowly opens in the ashes and you can also see this is the video that that gave us, which is pretty nice. But nonetheless a helpful feature. I often find myself making small changes as I'm compiling the video and just realizing what my final vision is. You can see here a lot of the videos that you guys just watched in that video are right here. But either way, that is a basic overview of how the image to video tools work on prompt edit and really how they work on any platform online. Let's get a little bit more advanced now and that's going to start with this little prompt kind of worksheet or prompt guide that I've made for you. If you scroll underneath this video in the course in the description, you will see this listed out. You can copy it, do whatever you want with it. But this is basically how I approach writing prompts for image to video generations. Like I said earlier, the image contains a lot of the information like the character, the style, the environment, the weather, the lighting, all those things. But it doesn't cover three important things and it's these three things that we need to tell the AI in our prompt. And that first thing is the subject action. This is the most important one. What is your subject actually doing? The little dinosaur, we told the AI that he needs to look back at the lightning and then run out of the frame, which is what the AI tool did. We clearly defined our action there. Now the second thing, I did not include this in the prompt example that I just showed you. What is the camera movement? If we go back to this shot here, I'll turn the audio off and play through it. You can see that the camera here basically doesn't move and that's actually good. That's how I preferred this shot to be created. But because I didn't define it, it could have done anything. It could have done a pullback shot. It could do a push in. It could have followed the dinosaur as it ran off scene and we kind of watch it go through the jungle. We didn't define it. So it's really up to the AI as to what was going to happen. I'm a big fan of clean static shot. So I will often say in my prompt, no camera movement or I'll say tripod shot. Those are types of things that will tell the AI do not add any movement at all. Other basic movements are panning right where the camera basically angles to the right, panning left, then you have tilting up and you have tilting down. We have tracking camera movement, which is where the camera tracks the subject as it moves. We have push in and push out and we have jib up and jib down. Those are the main camera movements that Hollywood directors use for 90% of the shots in films. And I highly suggest you keep your generation simple when it comes to camera movement. It will make your final video look much more professional. And then last but not least with our prompts, we have the emotion mood or tone. Think about it like this. Imagine a person running down the road. Okay, that's the start frame image that we'd be using. The AI might assume that that person is running training for a marathon. But at the same time, that person could be running away from someone out of frame who's holding a knife in their hand. The emotion in tone is kind of where we get to that. Why is this person running? How are they running? Are they scared? Are they stressed? Are they happy? Are they running frantically? Are they kind of slowly jogging? Should the scene feel tense and dramatic or should it feel happy and motivational? These are details that you want to include in your prompt again to give the AI a better idea of how it should create the final video. Okay, so now you understand how the tool works and how to write prompts effectively. What we're going to do now is literally walk you through the step-by-step process that I followed to create the final video that you saw. First things first, I needed an actual idea for my video. And to help me, I started with ChatGPT. Now you could use Gemini, Claude, any of the major chat bots. They're all going to work basically the same. But I went with this prompt. I'm working on a new training for the AI Creator course. It will be a lesson showing what image to video tools are and how to use them. To start this module, I want to showcase a finished AI video project to get people hyped up basically showing them what's possible. I need your help coming up with a 30-second video concept that I can turn into an epic video. The video will be driven by a voice-over script with awesome visuals on screen. I want the video to be about a baby dinosaur who hatches and grows up. We follow them as they experience the perils of life with a video ending on that dinosaur giving birth to an offspring where the cycle then continues. Help me turn this into a more defined video concept. So basically, in my brain, I was like, I want to make a cool video about a dinosaur, ChatGPT helped me do this. From there, ChatGPT did a really good job of writing out a lot of different information, a lot of different variations, which basically gave me the baseline foundation I needed to go and write my own version of the script. I did not have ChatGPT write this out word for word. They gave me a lot of good ideas that I pick and chose from and I wrote this guy right here. It's almost the exact version that you all heard in that final video, but I pasted it into ChatGPT here and actually had it give me some feedback and it offered some really good ideas to change it, tighten it and make it a little bit better. I won't be covering it in this video because we have another training in the course that shows how to do this, but for the actual voiceover generation, I used 11 labs. This is another AI tool that you can access through prompt edit.com. You basically type in your script, you choose a voice, hit generate, and now you've got a really nice voiceover. Once we had our script and our voiceover done, my next step was to create what I call my character template. Now, if you've been watching this course one video at a time which you should, you really shouldn't be jumping around. You already know what Nano Banana Pro is and how it's a super powerful image generation and image editing tool. I like to create a character template first because that allows me to have one unified source of truth that I can use for all of my character generations moving forward. Now, if you want to read the word for word prompt, you can pause the video here and do that, but I basically told ChatGPT, I need a character template for our dinosaur character, write a very detailed prompt for Nano Banana that I can use to create a character that I will reference time and time again in the future. ChatGPT then did another really good job of defining what this character should look like, basically writing this prompt for me right here. All I did was copy that prompt. I then went back to prompt edit.com and I went to the image tab. Now, kind of a pro user tip here. A lot of times when you're generating images and videos at the same time, I'll actually have two different tabs open, one for video and one for image. So right here, I'll just right click on images and click open link in new tab. Now, I have an image tab right here and I have a video tab right here. That way, like I can start a generation, I can start a generation here and just kind of work back and forth between the two. It helps me move a lot faster. Now, with the image tab up, I have Nano Banana Pro selected. I don't need a reference image because we're creating our first image here. All I did was paste in that prompt, which I have right here. Aspect ratio is 16 by 9. Resolution is 2K. That's more than enough for this. And then I set the number of generations to two. I almost always leave that to two because I like having two different versions to compare. I don't always just want to go with the first generation that I create. And then from here, I click generate. And with that prompt, I created this character template, which I thought looked perfect. Now that I had a clearly defined character template, what I basically did from here was just copy lines from my script into chatchipit and say, hey, I need an image to go along with this line of the script. Help me come up with that prompt. So here is a really good example. I said, right in image prompt to go along with the line in the script, you will face the storm. I want a cinematic shot of the dinosaur in the jungle during a storm. So basically, I know what I want from a high level perspective. I let chatchipit know this is what I want. This is the line that it's going to follow in the script of the video. And then chatchipit would write my prompts. From there, I just copy that prompt. I go back to nano banana pro on prompt edit. I will make sure that nano banana pro has our character template uploaded. So I'll just go to my computer and find that. This is our character template right here. So we'll upload that as our reference. So nano banana knows exactly what character we want in our image. I will paste the prompt from chatchipit and I will hit generate. And just like that, we now have an awesome image that we will animate using cling. I then repeat that process as many times as I need to get all of the images for the video. I then take those images and follow the exact process that I showed you with cling to turn them into videos. I download the videos I like most and then I bring them into any video editing software. Free paid, it doesn't matter. You do not need super advanced editing software to do this. Now in this course, we have entire in-depth modules that teach you exactly how to edit like a pro. But very simply, you can see here I'm in Premiere Pro and again, it doesn't matter what editing software you're using. You just need to drag those clips onto your timeline like I have here. You can see these are all of the clips here down on the timeline. You select the order that you want the clips to play in. You can trim and fine-tune the timing of the clip so that it plays again like you want. And just like that, you have a pretty awesome-looking video without having to do almost any editing. One quick pro tip to really enhance your AI content. Check out this shot right here where we first show this foot, the T-REX foot coming down and then we cut to the larger T-REX shot. I kind of like this because before we fully show who this villain character is, we show just a small part of them to kind of build that suspense. And then we cut to the same shot, now zoomed out showing the entire dinosaur. The way I created this is really simple. I first had my large dinosaur shot, the one that you're basically seeing right now. All I did was take that image, I uploaded it to an Anobinant Pro and I used the prompt, create a new shot of the T-REX's foot. Have his foot hovering just above the ground right before he stomps it into the mud. That gave me this image here, which I then used in Kling to get the shot of his foot actually slamming into the mud and splashing around. This is called coverage and video production. It's basically where you have one subject in a scene, but you actually show that subject from different angles. We have a shot of just the foot. We then have the wide angle view. We could get a close-up shot on the T-REX's eyes to make him look even more menacing. Cutting between all of these in our edit adds a lot of depth and really makes that edit feel more immersive. I highly recommend you try to get more coverage with your videos. Another pro tip would be to add sound effects to your videos to make them again feel more immersive, more lifelike. You can have the AI tools like Kling, like Vio add some sound effects for you. You can even create sound effects on prompt edit by going here on the site. Then you can literally just type in the noise you want and create the sounds that you can then use in your videos. These are all things that are really going to enhance the quality of your content. Now before we end here, I imagine some of you watching this video are thinking, Anthony, I want to make 10-minute long YouTube videos where my AI clone is talking. If Kling can only do 10 second clips, what's my workflow? First off, I will say don't skip around in the course because we covered this in the last video. Go and watch that because we talk about the long-form talking head workflow. Later on in this course, we have more trainings that show you our favorite long-form AI lip sync video generators that help you create talking clones. So rest assured, we're going to get you covered. Even if you don't plan on making cinematic AI content like the one that I showed you in this training, you still want to be familiar with these image-to-video tools because even in your longer-form content, you want to feature V-roll. You want to have these cutaway clips where it adds depth to what you're actually saying in your script. If I had a video giving people tips on entrepreneurship and in my script I was talking about how it feels so good to launch your business, it feels like getting to the top of the mountain, I could use this workflow, this image-to-video workflow, to create an AI shot of me literally at the top of Mount Everest celebrating, which would make that entrepreneurship video more fun to watch because you're not just stuck watching me at a desk, talk to you the whole time. But nonetheless, hopefully you found this training helpful. It is one of the best workflows to create AI content. I have all the tools linked in the description below, so you can go and start trying this out yourself. Other than that, thanks so much for watching, and I will see you in the next one.