Every day someone asks me, what does the future look like for content creators with all of this new AI technology? And I'm not gonna lie to you. The future, it's scary, but not for the reasons you might think. AI isn't going to replace you, your ideas, your personality, or your creativity. In fact, with artificial intelligence, your chances of success as a beginner have never been better. But here's the scary part. It's not AI who's gonna replace creators like us. It's the creators who use AI that are gonna replace the ones who don't. If you cling onto the old way of doing things, I promise you, you'll end up like blockbuster executives watching Netflix take over the world. Or Kodak, the film-camera giant who refused to go digital and filed for bankruptcy in 2012, simply because they wouldn't adapt. Let's make sure that's not you. If you keep watching, I'm gonna save you months of research. And outline the most powerful ways AI is changing the game for content creators just like you. This is your crash course to get you familiar with everything you can and should be using AI for as a content creator. Later on in the program, we'll go deep on every single one of these strategies with step-by-step trainings. And throughout this video, you'll also get a behind the scenes look at how we actually use AI every day here at content creator.com. Not the fun gimmicks you see on social media, but the actual AI workflows that help us run our entire content creation business. Without any further ado, let's dive in. Let's kick things off with one of my personal favorite use cases. AI generated YouTube thumbnails. Now, even if you're not big on YouTube, maybe you're more into social media, blogging or freelancing, stick with me, these principles apply across the board. So on YouTube, thumbnails are everything. Without a click, you don't get a view. And without a compelling thumbnail, in title, your video disappears into the void. But great thumbnails take time, skill, and often money. In the past, I'd set up all my lights, my cameras, I would take tons of shots, I would then use complex software to color grade, then Photoshop to add graphics and text. It could take half a day to make a single thumbnail. Or alternatively, I'd hire someone for $100 to $300 to create a thumbnail. But still, this is time consuming because I need to take those initial photos for them. Most beginners forget about their thumbnail until it's time to post. So they just take a random screenshot from the video to use as their thumbnail. Don't do this, it will never get views. But now, with the right AI tool that's been carefully trained on me and what I look like, I can generate a perfect eye catching thumbnail in seconds. Lighting, done. Color grade, done. Did I even have to comb my hair? Nope. In best of all, this doesn't require an expensive subscription and it's not chatchy PT. In total, creating this thumbnail cost me four cents. You can of course tweak the prompts to get different styles. You could use AI to add text, or you could drag it into a free software like Canva to add the text. That part is really easy. Now, here's a cheat code for YouTube that most beginners don't know about. It's called thumbnail cycling. You can actually go back to old videos, swap the thumbnail out for a new one, and bam, just like that, the video has been revived and you can continue to get hundreds of thousands of more views. Start paying attention to some of your favorite creators. Mr. Beast, for example, is famous for constantly swapping thumbnails on old videos. Now, in the past, I didn't really do this because it takes a lot of time and costs a lot of money to create all these additional thumbnails. But now, with AI, we can regularly swap thumbnails on all of our past videos drastically increasing our views. Now, let's say you wanna replicate a viral thumbnail. This video here got 2.1 million views and that thumbnail shot is epic. I can upload it, let AI study it, and generate something similar, but still original. And if you don't even know what thumbnail you wanna create, you can feed the AI your video script or a quick summary, and then it will brainstorm, high click through rate thumbnail ideas for you. You can even make impossible thumbnails, like this one right here. Yeah, that's definitely not real, and I hope that never happens to me. But you get the point, with AI, what was impossible now becomes possible. This single AI workflow has saved me countless hours, thousands of dollars, and it's increased our content's performance beyond measure. Now, let's take this whole AI image thing and go broader. Imagine using AI to design all of the branding for your channels, your business, or even your clients' businesses, if you work as a freelancer. AI can analyze your personal style and suggest brand colors and elements that always look good together. From there, it can create social media ads in seconds unlimited variations, no graphic design skills or expensive software required. It can create graphics for your website, social media posts, funny memes, profile pictures, even the channel artwork for your new YouTube channel can all be created with AI. Now, let's say you're a dog trainer, making a YouTube video or a social media reel. You're talking about dogs that pull the leash, all right? And you could explain how frustrating that is, or you could create an incredible visual to show it. Adding these images as B-roll in your videos, just like I'm doing right now, will increase your viewer retention like crazy. And the beautiful thing is, when your viewer retention goes up, the algorithms will start boosting your content out to way bigger audiences. Okay, moving on from images, let's now talk about another insane benefit of using AI as a content creator. AI content planning and script writing. Now, to win as a content creator, you need two things. Great ideas and great execution of those ideas. AI helps with both things. Think about it. AI has access to an almost infinite amount of data online. It knows what types of videos perform best in different niches. It knows how to hook people's attention, keep them engaged and leave them wanting more. And if you train AI properly, it can mirror your tone, your structure, and your brand. You can even train it to blend your style with the style of your favorite creators that inspire you. Every single week, I block out time to brainstorm new content. Sometimes I've got nothing. So I turn to AI, which can list out hundreds of video ideas, rank them in order of best to worst, at which point I can then choose my content ideas from a curated list. Now, other times, I already have some rough ideas, and AI helps me refine them into content gold. Allowing AI to tweak my YouTube titles has impacted our views beyond belief. And for social media, I always use AI to analyze the hooks of my content in brainstorm variations. It's like having a free team of expert content creators and marketers in your back pocket. And that's just content brainstorming. Then comes the script writing. If you need an outline, AI can write it for you. If you already have an outline, it'll improve the outline and then can write a full draft script for you. For some people, planning and writing their content is the part that they procrastinate on the most. If that's you, AI is gonna be a game changer. Now, on the other hand, I personally love writing. It's my favorite part of this job that I have. But even when I write something completely from scratch, I always run it through AI for feedback and revisions. In our camera recommendation videos, AI has caught small errors I've made, saving me the embarrassment of having people make fun of me in the comments for getting one small detail wrong. It's also called me out for being overly repetitive and will help me remove and streamline my content, which again, helps with viewer attention. I honestly couldn't imagine creating content without the help of these AI feedback systems. And it also helps with repurposing the content I create to get even more value out of it. I can upload a YouTube video and AI will convert it into a newsletter that I can email out to my list, a blog post that I can use on my site, and it can even identify short form content pieces that I can use on social media. This is hours and hours of work saved on a weekly basis. Okay, now let's talk about the coolest part of all of this, AI video creation. So first off, every crazy AI photo in thumbnail we talked about earlier, well, you can turn that photo into a video in seconds. Or if you know the right AI video generators, you can type out specific shots with simple text and watch as the video magically appears. This is insanely valuable as a content creator. This right here is boring. You do not want to post videos that are nothing more than you sitting in front of the camera with nothing else happening. You want engaging B-roll. Things that keep the viewer's eyes glued to that screen. Most people use generic stock footage. Things we've all seen a million times before. With AI, you can create your own incredible B-roll. Things that have literally never been seen before by humans on planet Earth. And you can even create B-roll of yourself. No need for expensive gear, complicated shoots, or stunt doubles. AI's got you covered. Now here's just one more example of how helpful this stuff is. This past Easter, at the last minute we decided, we wanted to launch a quick sale for a product. Normally, I'd have to create image ads, video ads, maybe I'd hire a VFX artist to make a cool animation for the sale. Historically, this would take weeks to get everything together. But with AI, it took hours. 10 image ads in 15 minutes, in total costing me less than a dollar. Not to mention, some of these image ads featured some bunny training that I just can't recreate in real life. We made some quick looping video ads in seconds that performed really well. And then on top of that, we made some animations that I personally don't have the skill to create in real life, no matter how hard I try. AI did all of this for me, costing basically nothing, and it was a ton of fun playing around with it. In total, the sale performed really well, and without AI, it wouldn't have happened. Okay, so video creation check. This next one is gonna blow your mind. So guess what? That last sentence you heard, it wasn't me. It was an AI clone of my voice. Now here's why that matters. Let's say you messed up a line in your video and you need to fix it in the edit. You can re-record, re-shoot, re-edit, re-export, or you can use AI to create a clone of your voice and then replace the mistake easy peasy. I can't tell you how many times this has saved me. Now speaking about cleaning up mistakes, check this out. While setting up for a podcast, I just could not get this light out of the frame. With AI, boom, magically deleted. Same thing with this pesky reflection in the TV, gone. You can even use AI to replace and add elements to your studio. You could say goodbye to the clutter, add in some nice touches, or even expand the frame entirely. The possibilities with this are endless. And we haven't even touched on the editing side of artificial intelligence. AI can edit podcasts in seconds. It can clean up the mistakes in your talking head videos. It can add captions in seconds. It can even take your cheap microphone and make it sound like a pro studio mic. Or just save the audio that's been ruined accidentally. It's crazy. I could really keep going on for hours here. I mean, I haven't even touched on all the different ways that AI has helped me in my personal life as well. From planning vacations and researching the best non-toxic shampoos to creating the bar menu graphics for my upcoming wedding. This stuff is mind blowing. It's so much fun and it is getting better every single day. The problem is it can be overwhelming. When I got started, I wish there was one video that simply outlined the best ways to leverage AI as a content creator. I couldn't find one at the time, which stunk. But after all this time spent personally testing, implementing and learning everything I could about AI, I decided to make this video. So all of you can quickly get up to speed on this incredible technology in what's really possible. But now you know what's possible, how you should be leveraging it as a content creator. And if you hit that next button, you're gonna dive into this course where we have very specific step-by-step trainings showing how to do all of this and more. If you're as excited as I am, drop a comment below. Other than that, I will see you in the next one.