One of the most powerful ways you can use AI to save time as a content creator is using it to literally write content for you. And today, you'll learn all about the best strategies to create unique and valuable content with AI. But first, you need to train AI to write like you. If you don't do this, the content AI writes for you will sound, well, a little robotic. Not to mention, it will be missing your unique personality, your humor, the way you naturally explain things, and much more. If you don't take the time to define your writing style, your content will sound like every other AI generated post out there. And that is not what we want. Your audience follows you because of your unique voice, your perspective, and the way you break things down. So let's make sure AI learns that and enhances your workflow without replacing your personality. So how do we actually do this? Well, the process is extremely straightforward. Here's how you do it. You upload a script you personally wrote. If you already have content written in your voice, you can either upload the document directly to chat GPT or simply copy and paste it into the chat and then type the following prompt. Can you analyze my writing style, add it to your memory, and in the future write content similar to how I wrote this. And it will do exactly what it said it will. Now, you're going to want to tell AI to format anything it writes for teleprompter use. If you're like me and you use AI to help you write content that you're going to record on camera, or even stuff that you're going to just write in emails, write in other marketing content, I like to be specific with the format I want chat GPT to write in. Otherwise, I find that it uses like a lot of emojis and kind of keeps this like blog formatting that I don't personally use myself. So either way, I specifically tell chat GPT how to format it. My prompt would read, moving forward, anytime I ask you to write a script, please format it in a teleprompter ready style so I can read it word for word to a camera. And that right there is all you really need to do. Chat will update its memory with your style and use it any time it writes for you in the future. And you can actually repeat this process over and over continuing to feed more of your written content into chat GPT and having it update its memory and really learn the style that you write. I've personally loaded dozens of documents into chat GPT that I personally wrote, so it really does have a good understanding of my style. It's actually weird sometimes seeing chat GPT write something and then me look at it and be like, that's like the same joke that I would have used if I wrote that myself. Now there are actually other ways to continue refining this over time as well. So anytime chat GPT writes something on your behalf, if there's ever something that just sounds unlike something you would write or a specific word that you just never say, you can actually tell chat again, like, hey, this section was really good, but you said incredible videos. I always say epic videos. Can you update your memory and remember that moving forward? Chat GPT will respond very nicely and agree. And again, you're now refining your style. Now what if you don't have a script already written that you can use for training purposes? No worries, I've got two simple ways that you can kind of create one. The first one is to just write something from scratch. It doesn't have to be long. Just take a topic you know really well and write a few paragraphs, maybe a short educational piece or just tell a personal story from your life. Anything that just kind of naturally flows and will reflect the way that you write and communicate. Then the second strategy to avoid the writing if you don't want to type is to just use voice to text on your phone. So again, you could really talk about anything, just enable voice to text on your phone, like in the text message app, whatever phone you have. You'll talk for a minute, again, tell a story, tell how you met your significant other, what was the best vacation you ever went on. That will then be in text form on your phone and you can copy and paste that into your computer, upload that to Chat GPT and again use the same training process that we talked about earlier. Once you train AI to understand your style, it becomes a powerful assistant that saves you time while still sounding like you. So do not skip this step. It is crucial, take a few minutes, write some examples, feed it to Chat GPT and you will be so much happier with the results you create moving forward. Other than that, thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next one. Thank you.