Have you ever wanted to see what you'd look like as a game of Thrones character, or maybe suit up and fight crime as a superhero? Or maybe you'd love for an AI tool to make incredible YouTube thumbnails in social media posts featuring your clone as the main character? Well, by the end of this video, you're gonna know exactly how to create extremely realistic AI clone images of yourself using Nano Banana Pro. And as always, this process is not just for the sake of creating photos and thumbnails. In order to make incredible AI videos of yourself, you first need to create photos of yourself. Later on in this course, we'll teach the best ways to take these photos and animate them into super realistic and cinematic videos. But anyways, back to the main focus of creating AI clone images. Like I said, the AI tool we're gonna use is Nano Banana Pro. We already had a long training on this tool in the course covering the many different things that you can do with Nano Banana Pro. So if you haven't watched that training, please go back and watch it. I'm not gonna repeat everything I taught in that lesson. Instead, this is just gonna be a deep dive on how to create the absolute best possible AI clones of yourself. We'll run through some basic examples, and then I'll walk you through the process of creating a character sheet which will level up the quality of your clones even more. Our team even created a template character sheet that you can download and customize so you don't have to create one yourself. Now, as always, you can access Nano Banana Pro however you like. But in this training, I'll be accessing it through promptedad.com. Our favorite AI marketplace that does not require subscriptions. Okay, let's dive in. The basic idea here is really simple. Nano Banana can create images from scratch. You just type in a prompt, hit generate, and it will create your image. But you can also upload up to 14 reference images to train the AI tool on what you want it to create. So rather than try to describe how I look to the AI tool, I can simply upload a photo of myself as a reference image. And then I write a prompt like, create a new image of the man as if he were a character in the Game of Thrones show. He should have heavy medieval armor on in a large sword at his side. The background is a mountainous landscape with a castle off in the distance. His arms are crossed and he's looking at the camera. Soft sunset lighting, ultra realistic style. From there, I can choose my aspect ratio, my resolution, and I can select how many variations of the image I want to create. Usually I set this to at least two or three because I always want to have multiple options to choose from. From there, I hit generate and I wait while the AI does its magic. And I got to say, all three of these generations look fantastic. Now, as you can imagine here, the quality and accuracy of your AI clone is highly dependent on one thing above all else, your reference photos. If the AI images don't look like you, I can almost guarantee it's not the tool, it's your reference photos. Blurry group shots that don't have enough detail on what you actually look like will lead to photos that don't look like you. So here are a few simple things you can do to solve this problem. First, if you're sticking with just one reference photo, make sure it is a photo of just you. No group shots. Make sure it very clearly shows the details of your face and make sure that the lighting is good. If you don't have any photos like this already, take your phone, stand next to a window for good lighting, and take a handful of photos of yourself making different expressions. If you are using your phone, you want to make sure you're using the back camera on your phone, the 1x camera that's always going to be the highest quality that will capture the most details. Selfie cameras aren't going to cut it. The second thing you can do to improve the quality and accuracy of your clone is to upload multiple images of yourself as a reference. One close-up shot of your face, plus one full-body shot, is a great combo. The close-up gives the AI tool the crucial details about your face that are required for accuracy, and then the full-body shot gives the AI tool even more context on what you look like as a whole. But then the third thing you can do, and this is truly the best solution, is to create a character sheet for yourself. A character sheet is one single image that has multiple views of the same character organized in one layout. You upload this one image as your reference, and it gives the AI everything it needs to nail the look of your clone every time. Ideally, you would have two full-body shots, one of them straight on, and one from the side, and then four close-up shots of your head. One neutral shot, one where you're smiling, and then two shots each from the side profiles of your head. You can create this however you like, but we've made a free canvas template that you can download by clicking the link in the description beneath this module. Character designers and animators have been using sheets like this for years to maintain proper consistency of their creations, and the same concepts apply to us using AI tools. So when you click and open up the template, you'll see a blank character sheet where you just drag and drop your images in. You'll see one example from our team, and you'll also see a completed character sheet for a fully AI character. If you were making content about an animated AI character, you'd want a character sheet for that animated character to make sure your generations are consistent for each new one you create. Using the same link in the description below for the character sheet template, you'll also find a prompt guide that you can use to create the different angles for a fully AI character. Once you're done creating your character sheet, go up to share, hit download, and export the character sheet as a PNG. PNG will preserve a little more detail and when you're using reference images, every little bit helps. Now, once you have that finished PNG, you can upload that single character sheet into nano banana as your main reference image. And because that one image now contains multiple angles, multiple expressions in both face and body information, the tool has a much stronger understanding of what you actually look like. Now, here's another really important tip. You do not have to stop at just one character sheet for yourself. In fact, I recommend making multiple versions of yourself if your appearance changes a lot. For example, if sometimes you are clean-shaving and sometimes you have a beard, just create two sheets. One clean-shave and one bearded. If you wear certain outfits all the time or have different hairstyles, make character sheets for all the different versions of you. Now, of course, nano banana is very capable of making changes to your appearance for you without needing a sheet. For example, you could upload a normal reference image and just prompt nano banana with, give this person a large beard, and nano banana will do that. But it might not look like you actually look with a beard. You could even upload an image of yourself and then an image of a particular outfit and nano banana can put you in that outfit. But again, it just depends on how granular you want to get. Having true-to-life character sheets is only going to improve the accuracy for you. But all right, now that you understand how the tool works and how to make your character sheets, let's talk about prompting because this is the other half of the equation. Even with good references, weak prompts lead to weak results. The more clearly you describe what you want, the more control you'll have. So when you write prompts for nano banana, here are the main elements that you should think about. First, who is the subject and what are they doing? In this case, the subject is probably you, or the person from the reference image, but you want to clearly describe the pose that they're in and any specific action that they're doing. For example, create a new image of the man from the reference image, standing confidently with his arms crossed. Next, describe the environment. Where is this shot taking place? Are we on a mountain, in a studio, in a castle, on a city street at night? If you skip the environment, nano banana will fill in the blanks however it wants, and it will usually do something kind of boring or cliche. After that, you want to describe the outfit or appearance of the character. What is the subject wearing? What hairstyle do they have? Are they clean shaven? Do they have a beard? Are they holding anything important in their hands? If you don't describe this part, the AI will usually stick to whatever the person looked like in the reference image. Then after this, describe the expression. Is the person smiling? Are they serious, confident, shocked? This part matters a lot, especially for thumbnails and social media posts, where a lot of the kind of message is described through the expression of the person in the image. After that, we want to describe the lighting. Is the lighting soft? Natural light? Is it golden hour sunset? Moody cinematic? Or maybe bright studio lighting? Then you want to describe the overall visual style. Do you want it ultra realistic? Basically what you'd see in real life? Or do you want like a cinematic enhanced version like a Hollywood movie? Do you want it to be a cartoon image? Or maybe a 3D animation? You could do vintage or comic book. All of these details help the AI better understand what you want the final image to look like. So to tie it all together, a weak example of a prompt would be, make me look cool on a mountain. It's just way too big. A stronger prompt would be create a cinematic, ultra realistic image of the man from the reference image, standing on top of a snowy mountain at sunrise. He's wearing a dark winter jacket, looking directly at the camera with a confident expression. Soft golden sunlight hits his face, dramatic clouds, and distant peaks in the background. As you can imagine, that's a much better prompt. We clearly described everything. And the AI tool, follow those instructions to a T. Here's one more example, this time a YouTube thumbnail. Create a highly detailed YouTube thumbnail of the man from the reference image, standing in his office holding a camera towards the viewer. He has a surprised expression on his face, bright studio lighting, shallow depth of field, ultra realistic. The camera is large in the foreground, and the man is slightly blurred in the background. If you wanted to take this another level, and clearly define the exact camera that the man's holding, you could actually upload a specific photo of a camera as a reference. And now the AI will have that camera in my hand. So as a simple framework, anytime you prompt Nando Banana, try to mention these things. Who this object is, what they're doing, where they are, what they're wearing, what expression they have, what the lighting looks like, and what visual style you want. And keep in mind, for each of those elements, you can also upload reference images to give the AI more context on what you mean in your prompt. So as another example of that, I could upload an image of myself. And then rather than, you know, really describe the environment in the prompt, I could upload an image of a spooky castle, and say in the prompt, create an image of this man at the spooky castle from the reference image. He has a terrified expression on his face. Dark high contrast lighting, ultra realistic. I don't actually have to describe what the spooky castle look like, because there was a reference image telling the AI how it looked. Hey, really quick update. I am cutting in from the future here, because prompt edit just got a new update that I think is really cool. And I want to show you how it works. You can see here, I have three images uploaded as references. Normally in the past, if you wanted to tell Nando Banana Pro to do something specific with an image, you'd have to say reference the man from, in brackets, I am one, close brackets. Now, it would kind of tell the AI to like, hey, focus on that image. But now you can actually just use the app symbol on your keyboard, and it will allow you to dynamically choose any of the references that you uploaded. So for example, here I have a picture of me, a picture of a coffee mug, and a picture of a snowy mountain, I could say create an image featuring the man from at image one, holding the mug from at image two, standing in the environment from at image three. Then we can generate. And you can see here, our final image followed those instructions perfectly. This is a nice feature that gives you more specific control over your prompts, which will help you make better content. One other really nice feature we added is the elements feature. Now, if you know you're going to be using a certain reference all the time, whether that's a person, place, or thing, you can actually turn that reference image into an element that you can reference again and again in the future. For example, on my screen here, if I click on elements, I could create a new character element, upload an image. I can take an image of myself, we'll select that one item. We can call that person Anthony in office, categorize it as a character, and we can leave the description blank for now. Okay, cool. Now, Anthony in office is there. I can go back to my prompt box and let's say, I didn't have any reference images. I could literally just type in Anthony in office. And now it's going to automatically add that element into my reference images. When creating an element, you can even add multiple images to give the AI even more data. So rather than upload just one image of yourself to an element, you could upload four images each from a different angle. Now, anytime you reference that element, it will add all of those images automatically as references, which will help improve the consistency of that character. Just makes the process of prompting much faster. That's it, back to the video. So now, your next step is very simple. Go and have a ton of fun creating your AI clone images. In the description below, I've written some of my favorite kind of fun prompts that you can use to create some awesome images. My only request, please do not go and post all of these photos you create in the student community. We have thousands and thousands of people in that group. When everyone goes and shares the same superhero photo of themselves, it starts to get redundant and it kind of waters down the true value of the group. The group is mainly for serious questions about content creation, feedback on complex projects, and so on. But that is it for this training. Thanks so much for watching, and I will see you in the next one.