This video was created by AI. And today you're going to learn how to create this effect. What's going on creators? Anthony here. And today we're going to talk about A-LIFT, which is a new tool released by RunwayML, which if you haven't heard of them before, they are a relatively big name in the AI space. I haven't used Runway for much of my own personal AI workflow, because I think a lot of the other tools that we cover in this course do a better job than Runway. But with the release of A-LIFT, I am now a fan of Runway, because this is basically a Hollywood level visual effect tool, where you can upload a video, define what change you want made to that video, and A-LIFT will give you something that looks really good a lot of the time. Now, this is a tool right now that you have to access through a subscription with RunwayML, but the entry level subscription is really affordable. And after that, you can just buy credits on RunwaySight to use it more and more. So all things considered, I do think this is a good deal. And once you see what it's capable of, you're probably going to want to get it on the action. So here we are on RunwaySight. I will have all of their information linked below, so you can get set up and going. From their main kind of screen here, all you have to do is go down to their Create section, and you would click on Create or Generate video. From here, you're going to want to upload a video that you want to make a change to. Now, there's a lot that you can do here, and I'm going to run through a good handful of examples. But first, I'm going to click on Select Asset, and now we're going to upload a new video. And I'm going to select, let's choose this one right here. This is an AI video I made of me hiking down a kind of mountain slope in Switzerland. Pretty nice, looks good. I used cling for this on fall AI in case you were curious. So we'll upload that video. And now what I want to do to showcase how ALF works is, I want to change this video to a nighttime hike. No longer during the day, I'm going to say, change the scene to take place at night with a large full moon, a loom, a loom, and a ting, illuminating the mountain side. Cool. So that's basically, we've uploaded our, basically reference video. From there, we are going to type in our prompt of how we want it to change. Right now, this only works for five seconds. So if this clip happens to be five seconds, but say you uploaded a 10 second video, it is only going to change the first five seconds of that video, or it will only create something that is five seconds long. But we will hit Generate. We didn't need to change any settings, and now it's going to take its time and create the output. All right, so here we have our final video, and we can play through it. I do think it looks decent. I don't think it's perfect by any means. This is one of the worst, the lower quality outputs I've gotten from ALF, but it was a tall task trying to turn this entire daytime scene tonight. You know, it added the moon. It's definitely illuminating the mountain side. Everything else looks pretty normal. It's just tough to turn a fully daylit shot into a nighttime shot. But that's an example just of how the tool works. I want to show you some of the really impressive kind of generations that we've got from this. So here's a clip that I generated with Google's VO3 for an ad we were creating. I wanted to really shock viewers with what's possible with AI. And so I have, you know, a Tyrannosaurus Rex in the background. I think it looks really good. I wanted to see if I could make that even more shocking. I threw it into ALF, and I used the prompt in golf, the dinosaur inflame. So really simple. And you can see the output we got here is incredible. I mean, that looks really, really impressive. I've absolutely not even close to the amount of skill required to generate this manually with my own skill. So that is really cool. Another really impressive feature of ALF is the ability to actually generate new unique camera angles from a reference video. So here we have a clip that I made with Pixverse on Fall AI. It's a little friendly robot sitting in a park bench. Just kind of chilling. I threw that into ALF and I used the prompt create a new wider angle version of this clip. And what we got is this clip right here. So you can see we have a wider angle view from a completely different camera angle. And it's literally maintained the robot, maintained the movement, everything. The only difference is a little bit of the skyline in the background. But overall, being able to generate multiple camera angles from one scene gives you so much power when it comes to creating actual films and ads and real stories with AI-generated videos. For example, if you wanted to cut from this wide angle to a tight shot, you can literally do that. Right here we have another example of that same scene, same robot doing the same motion. But now we have a tight close-up angle of that character. In the past, if you wanted to do this, you'd have to go back to an AI image generation tool. Keep character consistency as close as you possibly could, generate a tight up close frame, and then use that in an image-to-video tool and try to get a product that looks similar, that it could fit into the same universe. But ALF does a really good job of maintaining that character consistency. And here's another example right here. ALF is also great at changing like the weather. So the sample scene that I uploaded, again made with image-to-video, and then cling AI, is this shot right here. It's just a shot of Anthony looking out a rainy window. And I used the prompt, change the weather outside to snow instead of rain. Now it did add some snow on the inside of the window, like to my face. But you can see it did a really good job of changing the weather outside to snow. There's no longer rain. And I think what's an even more impressive example right here is this one. We have that same sample video of Anthony just looking out at that rainy window. And I used the prompt, outside of the window, a large fire rages and burns. And we have, this is the perfect example of what ALF is really good at. I mean, that maintained everything except for the fire outside. It added that in. It looks perfect through the glass. I mean, that's, there's a lot of optics involved in that. And I think it did a really good job. And let's say we were making a scene for a short film, we need other camera angles. And we can do that right here. So that same sample clip, we used the prompt. Create a new angle from directly behind the person, showing the window in a center frame, symmetrical position, subtle push-in camera movement. And here we have a completely new and unique angle of that scene, which I think looks really good. There's an ever-so-subtle push-in movement. We have that window pretty much, you know, center framed, showing a little bit of symmetry, really, really impressive stuff that you can do with ALF here. And it doesn't cost that many credits to do this. It's about 60 credits per generation. And you can get a thousand credits for $10. So you can really get a lot of range out of not so much money in ALF here. Now, rewinding our way back to the beginning of this video. I showed you that effect where I hold up my hand. I snap my hand, it gets engulfed in flames. We've got some nice sound effects. That was all created with ALF. And it's really, really simple. What I did is I first held up my phone and recorded a video of myself snapping and kind of just pretending as if my hand turned into flames. From there, I uploaded that video to ALF and I used the prompt, his arm in hand is on fire. That's it. I hit generate and I got this video the output. Now, of course, this output video, my hands on fire the entire time. And that's not what we want for the final effect, but it's really easy to get that effect using basic editing software. I'm going to show you how I did it in Premiere Pro, but you can do this in CapCut, DaVinci. It's the most basic editing on Planet Earth. So do not worry if you're using a different editing program. So we have this clip right here, which is the original. This video was created by AI. And then we have this clip right here, which is the AI version, which I think still just looks spectacular. All I have to do is drag this clip on top of the original clip. And then at the point where I snap my fingers, I'm going to create a cut. So I've just cut this top clip into two segments. I want to delete this segment at the beginning. So now what's happening is the original clip is playing through. And then it lights on fire, right? Because once this second layer comes into play, that's the second clip. And I think I missed time. There's the snap right there. So we'll actually extend this a little bit. Boom. That looks perfect. And this is where ALIF, it's just the creativity is unlimited with this tool. And now if we play that through, this video was created by AI. It's great. I mean, that's just super impressive. And all I did in the final version, you can actually see here. This is the final. All I did was I added some sound effects to really sell the effect even more. So right here, this first layer is a snap. This video was created by AI. Then we have this flame effect. This video was created by AI. Right, really sells like the whole hand being engulfed in flames. And then we have just this like campfire cooking effect. This video was created by AI. Combine all three of those together and you get this as your final video. This video was created by AI. Super cool. I mean, I never would have been able to do that without AI. So I'm really falling in love with this tool. And that officially does it my friends. An overview of the ALIF tool by runway. I'm really impressed by it. It's only going to get better. And I hope you have a ton of fun using it. So thanks for watching and I will see you in the next one.