What's going on creators Anthony here in this video you're going to learn the secrets behind creating high click-through rate thumbnails on YouTube. So this part of the course is broken up into two main parts. The first part is this video where you're going to learn the secrets and keys to building really high click-through rate thumbnails along with some of the beginner mistakes that almost everyone makes when they first get started. The second part is the next video in the course after this where you're going to learn all of the AI tools and how to take what you learn in this video combine it with AI and have AI make the thumbnails for you. Even though AI can basically do all the work for you with how important thumbnails are I really suggest you take the time to learn the principles it will make you a better content creator and it will make your AI thumbnails that much better as well. So without any further ado let's dive into the tips. All right tip number one first things first above all else you need to stop the scroll. When viewers are scrolling through YouTube they've got hundreds of options to choose from so your thumbnail needs to catch their eye immediately and really jump out from the rest. Now how do you do that? Well it's not just about being pretty. The visual we choose in our thumbnail needs to actually matter to the viewer. So ask yourself do they know what it is that I'm showing? Is it easily recognizable? Let's imagine someone is creating a video about a crazy new fishing lure. If their thumbnail was a picture of that weird lure on a table it probably wouldn't stop a potential viewer's scroll because they simply don't know what it is. But if they instead did a thumbnail where they're in a kayak with the lure in one hand and a big fish in the other hand now the visual dots connect themselves. We see the fish as a relatable element that immediately stops our scroll and then we see this interesting lure that we've never seen before which actually peaks our curiosity even more. If your audience can't figure out what they're looking at in a split second you've already lost them. Now tip number two busy is bad. Too much happening in your thumbnail will overwhelm the viewer and confuse them or on the other hand with so much going on no individual thing will stand out so the potential viewer will scroll right past that thumbnail because nothing stopped their scroll. So instead focus on having ideally just one primary subject. Now most of the time human subjects work best. People are drawn to other people especially if there's emotion involved. Now you don't always need a person some of the best most viral videos have thumbnails with no person in them but without a doubt you really want one clearly defined subject. Now beyond that main subject you can have one secondary subject at most and usually you only do this if it's required to connect the dots or required to peak somebody's curiosity. In the fishing example earlier the fish itself would have to be the dominant subject because it serves to quickly stop the scroll and be the visual thing that the viewer will quickly recognize. Then the lure itself the thing that the videos actually about would have to be the secondary subject because it draws our eyes to that second thing which is really what the video is about giving it more context and peaking that curiosity. Without that second element the video could be about anything related to fishing. Now when it comes to deciding on colors we want to make sure that they work together nicely. You want to choose a clean color palette. Now if you don't know where to start I'd recommend choosing complementary colors. Anything on opposite sides are actually complementary colors and they are proven to work well together. But overall try to stick to just one or two colors max. Using too many colors starts to make things look chaotic. Now tip number three is all about text and like many other guidelines less is more. In a perfect world you would aim for no words no text at all on your thumbnail. The best thumbnail is one that visually gets the point across in a split second without forcing the viewer to read any text. And most of the most viral videos on YouTube all have no text on their thumbnails whatsoever. The challenge is that using no text requires a lot more storytelling to go into the visual all by itself. So this could mean spending hours snapping the perfect photo that gets every single point across with no text needed or becoming a really good pro at Photoshop to create thumbnails like these where they're clearly not real but it does tell a good story. Now a lot of times we have no choice but to use text and our channel falls into this category as a lot of our videos have text but some of our most viral videos have no text. Either way if you feel you have to add text try your best to keep it to four words or less. Your thumbnail's job is to visually communicate. Not bombard people with too much information that they can't read quickly. The few are the words the stronger the impact of the image itself. Now tip number four is one I promise you will get tired of hearing me harp on. Increase the curiosity with your thumbnails. Now one really easy way to do this is include a confused or emotional face in your thumbnail. People are curious by nature so showing a human reaction will make them want to understand the story behind it. Just keep in mind that this can get played out pretty quick on YouTube. Another way to create curiosity is by combining two objects that don't typically go together. The visual surprise makes people wonder what that connection is. You can also physically or with graphics point out to something specific in the image. I like to watch movie breakdowns on YouTube and basically all of their thumbnails draw this arbitrary arrow and circle to a random element within the thumbnail that makes us the potential viewer feel like we're missing out on some subtle detail from the movie. I've done this in the past where I draw arrows to specific parts of a camera with little emoji faces. Those emotions make the viewer feel like there's something specific they might not know about that particular aspect of the camera. Regardless your goal with your thumbnail is to have it live in its own world and immediately spark that all I need to know more feeling. So what I want to do now is run you through some example thumbnails. We have good ones and bad ones from our channel that will break down why they worked, why they didn't. And we also have some thumbnail examples from students in our community that will give critiques to. So at first this thumbnail here is one of the most successful videos on our channel. It is a lighting buyers guide. And you can see it follows a really simple formula. We have our subject, which is me, the instructor of the video. And then we have our secondary subject or object as you'll hear us refer to a lot. These are the lights that surround me in the frame. The entire purpose of the secondary subject is to connect the dots and let viewers who are quickly scrolling online know exactly what this video is about. It is so clearly about video lighting. And then finally, we add our element of curiosity, which is the text at the bottom that says big mistake. People all want to avoid making mistakes in their life. So we found the big mistake text as a really good way to just kind of add more curiosity to almost any thumbnail we create. This is a format that's worked really well for us. And you can see here is another thumbnail example. This is a guide that helps people choose the right microphone for their smartphone. And you can see again, we have myself. And then we have the secondary subject that again really is the main context clue of the thumbnail. It is clearly a phone filming a video. And we've got a microphone with an arrow that says big mistake. If I were to recreate this thumbnail, I might even just remove myself from it because I'm really just not necessary. Our channel is kind of big enough to the point where my face has a very small amount of draw to it. It is somewhat recognizable. That's really the only reason I put it in. If I were just starting a channel over from scratch and no one knew who I was, I'd probably remove myself and really just focus on the subject of the phone and then the secondary subject of the microphone. Now this next thumbnail actually is cool because we did a split test. YouTube now allows you to upload multiple thumbnail options and then it will run those against one another. It will show them to random people and then it will tell you which one's best based on how many people click and actually watch those videos. This right here is the first thumbnail that I made for the video. Ironically, this is another video about microphones and I figured I might as well just show a lot of microphones in the thumbnail. I used our classic big mistake text and I was happy with how it came out. But I also made this thumbnail. It's a much simpler version, same concept, but much less going on and it more clearly gets the point across of this low price object versus this high priced object. I also made sure to choose a popular microphone that people would recognize. The DJI brand is very well known. So that's basically like challenging a belief that a lot of people have by saying like, hey, maybe you don't need this expensive microphone. And wouldn't you know the much simpler version one you can see here? It had a 44.6% share of the watch time compared to 29% of this thumbnail here. This one absolutely crushed it. It had like a 5.5% click-through rate and the video did very well. Up next, this thumbnail also did really well. You have my face in the back, but really the primary subject of the thumbnail is the phone. This video was a review of the iPhone 17 Pro Max from a filmmaker's perspective. And so our main subject here immediately gives context. It doesn't matter who you are. If you're scrolling, you know what this video is about. Pretty much right off the bat. And then as an added curiosity element, I drew an arrow to the actual camera with very simple text, Yikes. We tested this thumbnail with the text and without the text. And it did much better because that Yikes adds way more curiosity. A random person wondering if they should buy this phone, seeing this text, it's going to draw them in more because they don't want again, make a big mistake buying this phone. Now let's take an example from our student community with this thumbnail here. This is a thumbnail for a podcast. And you can see at the bottom of the thumbnail, we have the name of this episode value of the wild horse. And then we have our two guests, their names with kind of like a comic book silhouette like outline of them. Let's run this through the kind of formula that you've learned about today. Is it instantly understandable, simple, clear for a stranger on the internet to know what's going on? No, it's not at all. People aren't going to recognize who this person is, who this person is. They're not going to stop and read all the text. And even if they did, the names don't really matter to them, right? Unless these were wildly famous people. The only thing that really gives any context to what this video is about based on the thumbnail is the name of the episode. We kind of have an idea that this is about wild horses. But they took a design style, even in the word horse, that made it significantly harder to read, which again makes it less instantly recognizable. I see this a lot with people making podcasts in the thumbnails they choose. They'll simply do the name of the guest and the episode number. But again, you got to consider unless your guest is wildly famous, you're not going to be able to draw in a stranger from the internet. So instead, you have to pick a theme, a statement, a claim that came out of the interview and use that as the main element of your thumbnail. I actually kind of started a podcast on the side just because I enjoy interviewing creators. And by applying the thumbnail concepts that we talk about in this training, I was actually able to get our podcast monetized very quickly after just a few videos. And one of our first videos got over 10,000 views almost immediately after posting it. And I think it has everything to do with this thumbnail. The podcast was Jana explaining her story and how she was able to grow a travel brand on YouTube, monetize it, and have a really lucrative career traveling the world doing her channel. So if we think about that podcast, how can we make this relevant to other people? Well, a lot of people want to get paid to travel. So all I did was use AI to create a photo of Jana at the top of a mountain, which kind of connects it to traveling. I then added a ton of context to the thumbnail by showing a stripe notification of a payment amount. So now this thumbnail isn't just a girl traveling. It's clearly something about making money related to travel and then to make it ultra clear. I added the text at the bottom paid to travel. And when you pair this thumbnail with our title, which I thought was really unique, the two really play off each other well. And if anyone scrolling on the internet had any desire to make money traveling on YouTube, this video really draws them in. Up next, let's talk about this thumbnail right here. It's one that an editor of ours made for our channel. It was his first time trying to make a thumbnail. And I said, Hey, go try to make a thumbnail for this comparison video between the Samsung S24 Ultra and the iPhone 16 Pro Max at the time. Now, I'd give this like a six out of 10. It does clearly show the phones that are featured in the review. And it added a decent amount of curiosity with the text, new video king. We're basically planting that question in people's brains of is the Samsung better than the iPhone? Is it the new king of video? But I'd argue throwing in this emoji here, that emoji here, both phones are kind of covered by the tripods that they're on. And then we have kind of my face in the back, but it's blurred out and we have this like little black gradient over it. It's almost like visual vomit in a sense. There's too much going on, so we just kind of phase it out in general. Now, I actually wanted to give his thumbnail a chance so we posted that video and it did pretty bad, like right out of the gate. We let it run for a few days. It wasn't doing well, so I actually made a new thumbnail. I swapped it because you can always swap a thumbnail on a YouTube video even after it's posted. And I swapped it to this thumbnail right here. A thumbnail that was in my eyes, much, much cleaner and easy to understand. You can easily see the iPhone, easily see the Samsung. The phones are clearly labeled and then my expression does a lot of the talking for the video. Then what do you know, almost as soon as we exchange that thumbnail, the video started doing much better. That's the importance of the thumbnail. Nothing changed about the video itself. Our last example here is actually a similar story from a student in our community. He posted a thumbnail and asked for some feedback. It was this thumbnail right here. It's clearly about football. We can see there are multiple players on the thumbnail and then we have this kind of like screen shot of a blog or post from online that says best and worst NFL landing spots for potential Cubes changing teams in 2026. My feedback to him on this thumbnail is that again, it's too busy. There's just too much going on. Sure, there are some recognizable faces on it, but then we have this big article with small text, even smaller text down here. Nobody's going to take the time to read that. So outside of knowing the videos about football, there's really no other context to it. And as far as curiosity is concerned, the only thing that would cue the viewer onto more curiosity would be if they read this, right? What are the best and worst NFL landing spots? So I gave him this feedback. I told him to simplify the thumbnail, make curiosity a bigger element. And this is what he came up with. We have one face, a very recognizable coach in the NFL. And then we have a screenshot of a Twitter or X post from the New York giant saying we messed up. Now, if I were trying to take this one step further, I would simplify this little X post here and try to make it even easier to read and digest, even on a quick scroll. I really want to make that text easier to read. But even with this change, simplifying it, putting a focus on curiosity, his click through rate after changing the thumbnail went from a point five percent on the previous thumbnail, which is a video that's basically flopped all the way up to 4.1 percent. That is a crazy change and it had a big impact on his views. Every day, I see thumbnails posted online in our student community. They're really busy. They have no curiosity elements to them. I really want to help you avoid making these mistakes. I hope this training helped and don't be afraid to post your thumbnails in the community and ask for feedback as well. We have tons of people who are great at making thumbnails in there that I'm sure would be willing to help you. Other than that, as always, thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next one.