What's going on creators, Anthony here, and today you're gonna learn how to replace yourself or any character with AI. Okay, so really quick tutorial here, the tool we're gonna be using to replace ourselves is called WAN and it's available on Prompt Edit. I'll have a direct link in the description below where you can access it. And the process is really simple. You upload a video of yourself for really any character to WAN. You then upload a single frame, a screenshot of photo of that scene, but with a new character. From there you hit Generate and WAN is gonna use that image with the new character as the reference for how it's gonna replace you or any character in the video. Now when it comes to creating that image with the new character, we're gonna use a familiar tool at this point in the course, Nano Banana Pro. So I'll walk through the process right now. So this video that you're watching right now is the video that I'm gonna use to replace myself. All I've done is I've taken a screenshot of that video and then I've uploaded that screenshot to Nano Banana Pro. I'll have that linked into the description as well, but we have tons of training on this tool in the course. You can see here I have that image, that little screenshot uploaded as our reference in Nano Banana Pro. And I will just say replace the man in the image with a humanoid robot with glowing blue eyes. Everything else I'm gonna keep the same and I'm gonna hit Generate. So I had to generate two different variations and these are the two options. I think they both look really cool. This one looks a little bit more realistic. So all I'm gonna do is download this image right here. Now I'm gonna go to the video tab on Prompt Edit. The tool selector will click on and we'll go to 1, 2.2 and the one that we're gonna use is replace. If you ever forget, just think of 1, 2.2 replace as replacing yourself in the video with a new character. In the next video, I'm gonna show you how you can also use 1, 2.2 to change your background. In the version of the tool you wanna use for that is 1, 2.2 move. It's almost like you're taking yourself and moving yourself to a new scene with a new background. That's how I remember them in my brain at least. But now that we are on the right tool, here for input video, I'm gonna click on that and then select the actual video of myself, which I've already uploaded here. So that is now our video and then we're gonna need our reference image of the humanoid robot. So I'm gonna click on that. This is the image with the new character. I already got that one uploaded here. So we will select that right there and then you can use the default settings. I've had a really good luck with that. But if we come down here to the advanced options, I'm just gonna click on that. Guidance scale we can leave as is. Inferrant steps, I usually leave here. If you're getting kind of weird generations, you could increase this a little bit. It'll make the generation take longer to process but it's running it through more checks kind of. But for now, I'll just keep that down right about where it was. Shift will leave as is video quality. You can set to maximum. I will usually change that. And then everything else I will leave exactly the same. If you wanted to make the generation go a bit faster, you could set the video right mode to fast. It doesn't really change the quality that much. But we'll leave everything else as is and then hit generate. Now, with all the AI tools, I will say 1, 2.2 does take a little time to create the final output but it's pretty impressive. I mean, it's going through your original video and replacing you in every individual frame of video. And it does a great job. So overall, I'm not upset with the fact that it takes a little while to process your final video. But anyways, let me show you what the final video looks like with the original audio. What's up creators? Anthony here. And in this video, I want to share how you can win Epic Content Creator Apparel. bonuses like valuable software. You can even win an invite to my house where we work on your business together for a day. Now, this is just crazy. How good of a job it did. Transferring that new character to myself with my original movements, the facial kind of movements, my mouth, it's all matched it perfectly. My hands look really realistic. Super, super cool. Just very, very impressive. Now, one quick tip when it comes to using 1, 2.2 is the fact that it struggles with larger video files. So if you have a really long video or even a short video, but it's in 4K resolution, so the video file is really big, it might fail on the generation. So what I'd recommend you do is either compress your video or export it at a lower resolution, or if you have a really long clip, break that clip into individual, smaller, subclips. That way you can process each one individually in the odds of you getting a failed generation will be much lower. Now, this was a very basic talking head example of a character replacement, but this tool does a really good job with all different types of shots. You can take a shot with much more camera movement, much more going on, and still replace yourself with a cool AI generated character. The examples you're watching on screen right now were all done using the method that I covered in this training. Now, if you're wondering why you'd want to use this tool, well, it really comes down to saving yourself a ton of money and not having to use these really complicated VFX programs. This tool basically replaces the workflow that they use to create golem in the Lord of the Ring series. Normally, to get a character replacement, you'd have an actor run around in like a green suit that's covered in dots, and then they'd use a really expensive and complicated software to replace that person in a green suit with a completely CG animated character. One, two, point two basically saves all of that complicated work and allows you to just film a scene like you normally would and then replace it with a new character. So if you're making short films on a low budget, this tool is gonna help you out a ton. If you're making social media content, but you wanna do some fun hooks where you're changing your character, again, really good application of this tool, or maybe you're filming a YouTube's kit with multiple characters talking to one another, but you only have yourself to film with. You could film one angle with your real self, another angle of yourself, but then replace that character in the other side of the conversation. So it actually looks like two different people are talking to one another. The room for creativity is just out of this world. So again, I'll have everything linked in the description below, have fun testing this, and I will see you in the next video. Look at my handsome buff from gadget!!