In this video, we're going to talk about all the AI features inside Premiere Pro. Alright, so diving on in here, you should be able to see my screen and we've got the Premiere Pro interface. Now, the first feature I want to go over is auto transcription of your content. There's a lot of benefits to this and we'll cover them one by one. So here we are and we've got this clip in the timeline. And first of all, you can see looking at these audio waveforms down here. Right? We've got a lot of pauses. Maybe I messed up my line here. So I pause, gather my thoughts, and then I say the line again. We have another pause. You can see the lines in the waveform. Transcription is going to help us a lot in this regard. So to do this, we'll come up to the text tab right here. And if you ever don't see a tab in Premiere Pro, you can come up to Window and you'll see all the different options and you can see I have text enabled right there. You can also move these around by just grabbing them and putting them throughout the modular interface. This is just where I like to have it. So we have this timeline right here and you can see the name of our clip right here. Join the community that's the name of this clip. It's just checked to let me know that yes, I want to transcribe it. So we will hit this transcribe button right here. It's pretty incredible how fast this works. This is a relatively long script and it is going to have the transcription done in a matter of seconds. And just like that, we have the entire transcript. It's really, really accurate. Now one benefit right off the bat here is you can actually hit these three dots and export your transcript. This is really helpful if you're ever updating an old video you've made or you're using an old script, whatever it is. If you don't have it written down, you can literally just transcribe your video, export it, and now you have it saved in a text document where you can make modifications, anything like that. The next thing that's really helpful is being able to actually edit your video through the transcript. So let's say right here, we want to play this part in the video. I can just click on it and you can see it's going to say an amazing bonus. An amazing bonus. And then you can see I messed up which I always do in my videos and then we start over an amazing bonus of this course. If I wanted to, I could literally just highlight this, right? And then hit delete. And you can see there, it literally just deleted it. If I hit command Z, we're back. That's the section that I've highlighted it. It's literally highlighted it on my timeline as well. Very, very helpful. So that's text-based editing. The next thing that is crazy helpful. I used to do this manually and it would take so long is automatically removing the pauses from your video. So you can see here, right? We have a lot of pauses like this section right here. I can manually, right? Cut, cut, delete, drag the clip back to close the space or we can come up to our transcript here, hit the little filter icon, select pauses and it's highlighted all of these pauses in the transcript here. I can hit delete. Now we have two options, right? I can extract which is just like totally remove the pauses from the video or I can lift them. So I'll do lift first. I think that's a little bit easier to see. So we will hit delete all and you can see how it's just kind of like lifted those pauses out, right? It's removed them from the timeline. I don't typically use that feature, but it's easy to kind of give a visual example. Instead, what I do is we'll select the pauses, we'll hit delete and then I use extract. So this is going to delete those pauses and then compress the time. So we'll hit delete all and boom, it's literally just saved me so much time and edited all the pauses out of this entire video. Now it's not just pauses if you say um or uh or any other filler words, you can remove those automatically as well. So you'd come up to the filter here, hit filler words and same thing you could hit delete and extract. Now this is a scripted video. I'm reading from a teleprompter in this clip here. So I don't have many filler words, but if you were filming an interview of like a client, a documentary, a podcast, anything like that where it's not scripted in the viewer might say, um, uh, I say okay a lot. It's just a weird tick I have. You can remove all of those pretty much in seconds with this feature. All right. Now moving on here, another super helpful feature with this transcription is the ability to create auto captions in seconds, right? We used to manually have to type out all the captions. It was terrible, but from the same panel here, after we've transcribed our clip, we can come up to the three dots and hit create captions. Now there are default subtitles that you can create. We'll do that really quick. Just have to hit create here. It's going to take a second and bam you can see now at the bottom of my screen over here in the program monitor. We've got all those captions playing and it looks great. I typically will modify the settings a little bit. So we'll come back to here and hit our three dots and hit create captions. Now I will bring this down. This is just personal preference, but I'm going to give you the exact settings that I use. So maximum length in characters I usually bring down pretty low right around 15 minimum duration in seconds. I bring all the way down gap between captions. I bring all the way down and then lines. I like my captions to be single line and not double line. I find that it fits kind of the more social media, you know, one to two word captions that you typically see. And then from there we can hit create captions. Now you'll see it's literally just one to two words, maybe three words on screen at a time. There are no pauses in between these captions up top here. All of these little layers are the captions by the way. No pauses, it's just very, you know, easy to see, read and they're kind of fast and dynamic. Now if you want to modify these captions, it's as simple as selecting all of them. Then you would come over here, kind of reposition my frame to the properties tab. And now you have, you know, your font options, you have your font size, right, we can turn the font up. I usually do something like Baybus, UA is a good one. I like that. Push up the size a little bit more. From there we can in the align and transform tab, right, we have the X in the Y here. So if we want to set the vertical position, bring it up a little bit. You can very easily do that, right, you can move it side to side, you could put it in like the top left. If you wanted the top right by just picking the zone here, I typically just use that bottom zone and then just bring it up, make that custom setting a little bit there. Then we have our fill, right, we could change the color, we could do whatever we want, we could add a stroke to it, right, which is just like that white or any color border around the text. We could add a background to it, right, so expand the edge a little bit right here. I typically curve the edges a little bit, increase that guy, we could change that color to white. Pretty cool, I like that a lot. Then you could also add a drop shadow here as well. All right, so if we were to increase that, you can now see there's a drop shadow on the text. You can soften it up a little bit. I really soften it. You get the point though, lots of customization here in terms of adding auto captions. You can see it just plays throughout the whole video and that is super, super helpful. Up next, we have one of the most exciting AI features in Premiere, which is AI Extend. Now, what this feature lets you do is basically extend a clip longer than it actually is. Say you're editing a video and you're like, I just need this B-roll clip to last an extra second or two to cover this part of the video or to match this B to the song. In the past, you had no option, but to just do away with that B-roll clip, now you can use this incredible feature. So all you have to do is come down here to the Generative Extend tool. Now you can come to the edge of your clip and literally you can do it in the front or the back, you can just extend the video and you can see it's actually figuring out, right, generating that extra bit of the clip. It doesn't take too long, but the results from my testing have been incredible. Now, like I said, you can also do it to the beginning of the clip as well. So we have this short drone clip of Kordini admiring a waterfall in Iceland. Same thing, we'll grab the tool and if we want to extend the beginning of the clip, you can do that as well, extend it out and we will play back the results in just a second. All right, so we've got our results here and so this is the normal part of the clip, right, up until here. Now, if I keep going, this is all generated by AI and you really cannot see the transition in there. I mean, that is just incredible. I only extended it a little bit, so there's not too much to go off of, but really, I mean, there's pretty much a seamless transition in here. I mean, all the detail in the horses fur, right, their hair, it's just, it looks really good and you can expand that a little bit as well. Now, same thing for this clip, all right, so it's started here and the drone is like rotating around the waterfall and if we go back to the beginning here, I mean, this is all AI generated and you would never know. I mean, that is insane, playing it through. You can't even see the transition between what's real and what's not. So really, really cool tool and I know this feature is going to save me so many times in the future. Now, our next AI feature is the remix tool in Premiere Pro. So in the same way that we can extend our video clips with AI, we can also extend music in songs to go beyond their standard length. So right here, you can see I have a song in our timeline and this is as long as it goes. If I try to extend it out, I can only shorten it, right? But if we come up here to the ripple edit tool and we just hold our mouse, you can see we have these other options and we have the remix tool down here. So I'll select that, you can see we haven't enabled and all I need to do is just grab the edge of this clip and I can extend it as long as I want. And just like with the video, it's going to process for a few seconds. It's going to find easy to repeat areas in the song and basically duplicate those out and seamlessly increase the length, right? So there we have it. The song is now longer and you can see these little jagged marks increase the size of the timeline here. You can see these little like kind of cut marks and what that's showing is that's where the AI basically looped the song. So if we were to ever see any area or hear any area that didn't make sense, it would be right here and let's see if we can hear it. So I didn't hear anything there. Let's go to this one. Same thing, right? Really seamless. Gonna help you out if you ever have a song where it's just like, I needed to be an extra 15 seconds, whatever it may be, can really save your butt. Up next, we have the enhanced audio feature. We have a dedicated video in the course on this one tool, because you can actually use it without having a Premiere Pro subscription, but Adobe is smart and they integrated it into Premiere Pro as well. So it is really as simple as coming up to your essential sound panel. And again, if you don't see that window and essential sound, click it on, and now you will have this tab. From there, you would select all of the audio clips that you want to use the enhanced audio enhanced sound feature on, come up, select dialogue, and then where it says enhanced speech, you can just hit that enhanced button right there. Now it's going to analyze all the clips and really improve your audio. If you record it outside and there's wind noise, there's cars in the background, you're just not using a good microphone. This tool can save bad audio. It can really save you in a pinch. But beyond that, if you're using a good microphone like I was in this video right here, it can still just upgrade the quality of your audio to really make it sound like it was recorded on a studio mic. Now you can see it has gone through and done a lot of the clips already. It's still processing some of these here and you can see it's just adjusting the audio levels as it goes. One thing I will say is I'd recommend using this tool at the end of your edit. And the reason behind that is this right here. All right, so we have this, this clip, okay? This one right here. If I create a cut, watch what happens. It has to reprocess the two new individual segments of that clip. It doesn't take that long, but it's additional processing power that you just don't really need to use. So I recommend going through all of your edits, getting your video finalized, and then once you're done, you just select all the audio, hit enhance speech, and then you'll be good to go. Now from there, once the audio is enhanced, listen back. You know, make sure it doesn't sound too over processed, too robotic. If it ever does, just come up here to the mix amount and bring that down. I typically sit between like a 1.5 into three. Again, depending on the microphone, depending on just, you know, personal preference, but that goes a really, really long way in improving your audio. Up next, we have another really cool feature. This is called scene edit detection. And that's just a really fancy way of saying this AI feature can find the cuts in a video that's already been edited and create those cut points. And this will make a lot of sense when I show you this video right here. So a lot of times when I go on a trip like right here, this is a video from when I visited Hawaii. After that trip's over, I'll take all the videos, throw them onto one timeline and export the entire thing. This way, I have just like one super long clip that represents my entire vacation. Okay? I can then send this to our editors. I can send it to freelancers. And now if they ever need B-roll, I don't need to send them 100 clips. I just need to send them one pre-edited timeline. That's exactly what we have right here. You can see this is one clip. There are no cut points, but there are obviously tons of different videos all stitched together in this one edit. Let's say you already edited a commercial. You edited a documentary or you edited a TikTok video, right? And now you lost the original project file, but you want to go back and make changes. It's all going to be one file. So finding those cut points can be really hard. If you just right click on your video and then we are going to find where is it, scene edit detection right here, click on that and then we want to select this option here, apply a cut at each detected cut point and then hit analyze. What it's going to do is go throughout your entire video and find all of those little cut marks and actually create a cut on the clip in your timeline. And there you go, just like that. Look at all of those cut points that we added. So now I can take any one of these clips, bam, take it out of the video. I can reuse it in another edit, right? Just super, super helpful, tons of different applications. Up next we have the auto reframe feature in Premiere Pro. So let's say you have a timeline like this and it's a horizontal video for YouTube or it's just a bunch of clips that you shot horizontally. Let's say you want to use that footage in a vertical TikTok, real YouTube, short, whatever it may be. Look at this video right here, okay? We have our subject on the paddleboard on the right hand side of the screen. On our next clip, we also have our subjects on the right. The next clip the subject is in the middle and then the next clip, the subject is on the left. It's not just as simple as taking your sequence, right? Sequence settings and then going, be flipping it, 2160 by 3148, whatever that is. I'm sure that's not the right number. But basically if I do this, right? The subject isn't always going to be centered in your now vertical video. So if I just command Z out of that, I can actually come up to our sequence, right? This is Hawaii horizontal copy one. I can come up to that and right click and select auto reframe sequence. Now it's going to create a duplicate, okay? And it's saying what do you want this to be called? So I'll just call this Hawaii vertical. Now it says what aspect ratio do you want? You could do one by one, you could do four by five, nine by six, 16 by nine. Let's say we wanted to do a TikTok, nine by 16, we'd select that. And motion tracking, we will just leave two default for right now. And then we can leave that as is as well. From there we can hit create. And now look at this, we have a new vertical sequence and it has done motion tracking to basically keep our subject perfectly framed vertically in screen. Again, write these subjects where in the center, this guy was on the left. And it basically just saves you a ton of work, not having to manually crop and reframe the position of all your subjects in all these different clips. And that does it for this quick overview of the AI features within Premiere Pro. I've made this video in a way where I can easily add a new features in as new features come out because these companies are adding in new features quite often. And I will just continually edit this video, add in the features as they come out. But that is all of them for right now. Tons of time-saving tools built into this editing program. So thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next one.