If you just hate video editing with a burning passion and you are looking for the fastest and easiest way to put out short form content on social media, this video is for you. We're going to do a full walkthrough of sub magic. My favorite hands off AI video. Okay. Now, like I said in the intro, sub magic is a tool that has one very specific purpose and that's to create vertical social media content. Sub magic will basically do all of the work for you, but it still gives you some creative control, which I really appreciate. Why this is my favorite AI video editor. It can basically remove out the pauses. It can remove anytime you repeat the same line if you made a mistake. It can enhance your audio. It can add captions. It can add transitions, sound effects. It can even add B roll, which I think is really cool. In best of all, it actually gives you an interface where you can control and modify these things. It's not just a one click. Hope it's good. And if it's bad, there's really nothing I can do to change it with this being a really powerful tool. It is a paid tool. And because prices are always changing, what I'll do is have the pricing plans listed in the description below with kind of my recommendation as far as what I think the average person in this course should consider. Now with that being said, let's dive onto the screen here and you can now see the sub magic interface. And it's really easy to use. There are basically two different ways we can start creating content. The first is by just selecting the generate captions button here. And we'll walk through this to start. So what we'll do is click on that and then it'll ask you to upload your video. Now just keep in mind you do have a max length limit of five minutes and two gigabytes in size. Most social media clips aren't going to go over this. So it's not a big deal. Now I'm just going to select this video here. It is just a, you know, selfie video I filmed on my iPhone just to give everyone a good example of how this tool works. So one minute and 11 seconds, there are pauses in there, one to two mistakes. So we will select that and upload it to the platform. Now it's going to auto detect the language. I'm speaking English. So that's fine. And then there's also only one speaker. If you had content that had multiple speakers and you wanted to differentiate between the two with different styles of captions, you could select multiple speakers here and sub magic will then try to identify the different speakers. Then from there, it's kind of weird how the buttons are almost hard to see. It could just be a glitch on my screen today, but bring your mouse down and you will actually see the button here. And we'll click generate captions. Now, they shouldn't really take that long. This clip was a minute and 11 seconds and it's probably going to take 45 seconds to do the AI auto captions here. Okay, so that is done. It's analyzed our video and it will by default put you on this tab right here caption. Now I like to think of this in a three step process. Okay, step one is trim, step two is add captions and then step three is add B rule. So they've laid it out nicely here. It kind of jumps you right into step two. I'd recommend going back to trim. Okay, so we'll click on that here and what this does is it shows you the transcript for your entire video. So you can see if I click on this, it'll start playing from the beginning. Here are three tips to get more done every single day. Get the point goes through it. Now I like how this tool can basically do all of the editing for you. So up first, we're going to click on remove silences here. For social media content, I typically select extra fast and it's going to grab those silences. Basically, it's found 14 of them. We can hit remove. That's great. I love how it does that. Now up next, remove bad takes. I love this feature. It will basically be able to tell if you say the same line twice because maybe you messed it up on the first try and it will remove those bad takes. So we'll click on that and it's going to automatically identify and then remove those takes from the video. And you can see just like that, it basically caught it. I say, and then my last and then I messed up. I repeated again, it caught that and then I say then finally my personal favorite. So it was able to realize that and then delete that repeated line right there, which is super helpful. Now a couple other helpful things about this screen. Keep in mind, you have kind of like your video timeline down here. Okay, so I'm using this tool to kind of zoom out because we were pretty zoomed in. You can just grab it. And so you can see here is the entire audio and you can see right here, like it's deleted that pause right there, deleted that extra line right there. And if I just mute this for now and hit play, you'll see it's going through each clip showing you where it is. If there was ever a moment where you felt like it didn't capture a pause and delete it or there's just maybe a clip that you want to extend, all you have to do is zoom into your timeline, right? Like let's say I wanted to shorten this right here and get rid of that pause. I can just drag this, right, shorten it a little bit and now we've removed that pause. I can kind of lengthen this just to really give you guys an example here. So if we start right here, okay, and I hit play, you're going to hear there's a pause before I start talking. And finally, my first little awkward, we don't want those pauses in our videos. So all I need to do is bring that right up and close and now I'll scroll to the left here. When this clip is over, it's going to automatically jump right there. You'll see. And finally, my personal favorite. See how there was no pause there. There was a little pause at the end actually. So I'll clean that up and we are good to go. So really easy kind of like editing features in here. You could also select a clip and delete it if you wanted to. You could highlight text, right? So if I wanted to just delete all these words, I could remove these and it will delete the clip from the timeline down here. Very easy to just clean and modify your videos, but I really like how it does 99% of the work for you. Now before we continue on to captions here, I do want to point out that over here on the right, you have a kind of like a just basic color grading tool. So if you click on that, you could increase the brightness. You could decrease the brightness. We'll bring it right back down there to 100. You could increase the contrast, decrease the contrast. Again, all very kind of just basic editing tool saturation will increase your colors, make me look like an Uppelupa or make it kind of black and white. Again, I typically would recommend just leaving these pretty close to their neutral amount unless you really know what you're doing with color grading and we'll click off that. We do have some branding elements like if you wanted to add an image or add text manually in here. Again, I don't really use sub magic for that. I don't think it's the purpose. Then you have this feature right here, which is super helpful audio. If you are recording on a bad microphone or like me, I was just using the built in microphone on my phone, which isn't really high quality. I'd highly suggest turning on the clean audio feature here. It's going to analyze your words and just enhance the quality of your spoken audio. Then you also have the ability to add music. So it's going to have a lot of just like trending audio stuff that you can preview by hitting play here. Then we can also come over here to the cover and basically choose an image to make as the first frame of the video. This way, when you're posting, right, you can have a nice frame at the beginning. You could maybe design a graphic or use AI to create an image as your cover. Otherwise, you can just leave that blank for now. Okay. So now we are officially done with the trim section here. Obviously, I was explaining it all to you, but generally this is going to take you less than a minute to really do all these steps. So from here, we can come over to the caption tab and we have a ton of different styles, really popular styles that you can use and just get in the click of a button. So I like this L.O. One here. I'll mute it and just kind of play through it for a second. It kind of like just pops into frame. It moves around a little bit. It looks clean. It's not tuned your face, but it is dynamic, which I really like. You know, if you're a fan of Alex or Mozy, he has a bunch of different presets on here. And you can see it's cool how it does like the emojis as well, right? So some of these captions will automatically have an emoji like that cross sign, which I think is really cool. And if you ever see those like black pauses in the frame, like you might have just a second ago, try to find one if I can. Doesn't look like it wants to do it. Just know that that's a byproduct of editing on the internet, right? We're not using a like an app that's downloaded to our computer. We're just using the internet. And sometimes it'll show a black frame, but at the end when you export it, those glitches won't be present. So you can just basically ignore them for now. Now, once you've determined on the style, you can obviously modify it. So down here at the bottom, if you wanted to like change the position of the captions, you could change the size, you know, make them bigger or smaller. You could change the colors, right? Like the main color, the second color, the highlight color. This is all going to vary depending on the caption preset that you've chosen. And if you ever found that certain words were wrong in your captions, you can come up to the edit caption right here. And of course, just read through it. And if you ever wanted to change it, right? You can just tap on it and then you have the option to do whatever you like with those words. You can change the colors as well. You could fix the typing if it was spelled wrong. Generally, I will say sub magic is extremely good at just nailing the captions for you on the first try. But it is nice that we can modify them if we want. And of course, the better quality your microphone is, the easier it's going to be for sub magic to nail those captions because it can really easily hear you. I've found that if I'm outside using the built in microphone on my phone, anything like that, that's usually where you're going to run into issues with your auto captions. All right. So really simple and easy there. We've got our captions done. Now we can move on to step number three, which I think is one of the coolest steps that really separates sub magic from the rest. And that is adding B-roll to your short form clips. There are a lot of other tools on the internet that are kind of like sub magic. And they say they will add like automatic B-roll to your videos, but they do a really bad job of it. They'll add them in awkward places. The clips don't look good. It doesn't make sense. They aren't cropped properly. It just looks really amateur. I actually think sub magic. It is going to use stock footage, OK, which I've never been a big fan of. If you've ever watched my content, I like using my own stuff, but I'm also a very, you know, technically skilled editor and I have tons of B-roll and I like filming and I enjoy editing, right? So although I don't use this tool on an everyday basis, I know that a lot of people watching this video aren't like me. They don't want to really spend a lot of time getting good at video editing. They just want something that's good enough. And that's exactly what sub magic will do. So basically what we're what we've got here on the third step on this B-roll tab is sub magic breaking down our video into different scenes, OK? Now every kind of little break here with text is one of the scenes. And if I wanted to add a B-roll clip, all I have to do is come over here to add B-roll. So this video that I'm recording kind of as a sample here, it's three tips for getting more work done. I just did it off the cuff for the sake of this training here. And tip number one is to wake up early, OK? So all I have to do here is click add B-roll. And then look at that. It's actually already guessed what my content is about waking up early. So it's like, hey, I suggest you use a stock video of an alarm clock ringing and look at all of the different videos that they have. I mean, so many great options that represent the idea of waking up early. So if I select this right here, now as the video plays, this whole section of text this scene is going to have that B-roll clip. So I'll kind of play it through for you right now. Here are three tips to get more done every single day. Tip number one is to wake up early. I know this sounds simple, but if you can wake up at 530 instead of 830 and get two hours of work done before most people are even waking up. So pretty cool, right? It's just easily integrated that into the video. Now, one thing I recommend you do is try to find the natural break points in your video. Right? So we have here are three tips to get more done every single day. OK? That's a good break point. Then we go into tip number one is to wake up early. The only issue is every single day, day you can see got thrown into this second scene and that means the B-roll clip is going to start a little earlier than it probably should. So magic has made this really easy to fix. You just click on day and then check it out right here. Move to previous scene. Boom. Now every single day is where it should be in this scene. And the B-roll clip won't start until the actual tip is being set on screen. Now, if you noticed when we were playing this back a second ago, this clip lingers on screen for quite a long time. So get more done every single day. Tip number one is to wake up early. And for this entire section here that one B-roll clip is going to play, I have kind of a rule for editing, which I call the three to five second rule. It used to be the five second rule. Now it's getting shorter to the three second rule. And it's basically you want something new to come on screen every three to five seconds. Otherwise, in this very distractionary world that we live in, your viewer might get distracted and just like leave, right? It's almost like a boredom sense they need that constant stimulation. So if we want to speed this up, we can actually come right here and then hit split into new scene. So we have this first sentence. I click on the first word of that new sentence and then I hit split into new scene. And now look at that. We now have a new scene that can have its own new B-roll clip. So we hit add B-roll and we can just go to right five thirty. I think that's actually what I said in the video in terms of waking up. So now let's play through this again. Here are three tips to get more done every single day. Tip number one is to wake up early. I know this sounds simple, but if you can wake up at five thirty instead of eight thirty and get two hours of work done before most people are either. See that we're switching up the B-roll more and I just think that makes a huge impact on the retention of your video, which if you know anything about how the algorithms work, the longer you can keep a viewer retained watching your video, the more the algorithm is going to boost that video out to other strangers on the internet, which is in a sense the vortex of going viral. Right. So we want to keep viewers watching from start to finish, right? The longer you keep them going, the better. And making sure you have consistently switching up B-roll graphics, other things like that. It's going to help you in the video. Now a couple other features when it comes to adding B-roll, let's say we want to add B-roll here. If you want a different clip, you can just search for it. So say I wanted a person hiking. Okay, I can just hit there, search and boom, just like that, we have tons of great hiking B-roll that we can use in our video. It's really incredible just how much content they have. So you're always welcome to put your own creative spin on the clips that you're adding. On top of that, you can upload your own B-roll. You don't have to use stock footage. So if you see over here my videos, right, I have nothing. I haven't uploaded anything, but if you wanted to, you could just click on this and then upload, you know, any video from your computer, right? You just navigate to it, you know, hit open and boom. And now that video was too long because it has to be under 30 seconds, but that's how you would upload your own B-roll. Same thing for images, tons of customization there. So that's basically option one for adding B-roll. I'd recommend going in and basically like splitting your clips, making sure that, you know, the right words are where they should be in the different scenes, right? So you might want to move, you know, these two words back or just kind of have it broken up. Anytime you see a word linger, right? This is pocket and then period. It really should be in that last scene. So you'd want to clean that up, move it back. And then if you have multiple sentences, right on, on the new sentence right here, you can just split that into a new scene. Same here, split that into a new scene, right? We could select all this stuff if we wanted to and move it back. You get the point. You just want to make sure it flows naturally. So that's all option one. It's a little bit more of a manual process, but again, if you're a control freak like me, I enjoy having that control. If you don't want any control and you just want this done as fast as possible, sub magic is a really good magic B-roll feature. So if you come up here and you just click on magic B-rolls, it's going to analyze your video and add B-roll for you, which I think is really cool. So let's check this out really quick. Here are three tips to get more done every single day. Tip number one is to wake up early. I know this sounds simple, but if you can wake up at 5.30 instead of 8.30 and get two hours of work done before most people are even waking up, you don't have to worry about emails. You don't need to worry about people calling you. It's distraction free work and you can get so much done. Tip number two is to not just put your phone on focus mode, but it's to leave your phone in a completely completely different room. There's something about. So you get the point here. It can obviously add B-roll for you. I found that generally it doesn't really good job, right? It has a clock. It has coffee. It has a guy working without a phone, right? Really good. And if you wanted to change any of the B-rolls, right? You could just click here on the B-roll, edit B-roll, and then you could change the starting frame. You could delete it and start fresh with your own one. You could add a zoom effect if you wanted, right? So if I came here and added a zoom effect and then we play through it. Tip number two is to not just put your phone on focus mode, but it's see how it zoomed in there at the beginning. That's that little effect. And again, just to repeat as we're playing through it here, you might hear it like repeat a couple words. It's not the video that you're going to get at the end of the day. It's just a little glitch in playing it back through the internet. So really cool. How can I add this B-roll? And another thing that you can do is actually come back up to magic B-roll. And then you can say how much of the video do you want to cover with B-roll? So that was I think 50%. If you went to 100%, right? And then you scroll down to this button again. That's pretty hard to see and hit update. It will make sure your entire video is covered with B-roll. So now you have a faceless video. You can see literally every shot in the video is covered by B-roll, which I think is awesome. Beyond that, it also added transitions and sound effects. So if we go all the way back to just a blank video, okay? I just hit the on-do button and we are now back to blank. Between every scene here, you'll see this button and it says set transition. So let's say we just add a B-roll clip right here on this clip. And now this first clip has my face and then we're going to go into this B-roll clip. I'll play through what it looks like just so you can get an idea without a transition. Here are three tips to get more done every single day. Tip number one is to wake up. Right, so clean cut. It just went from my face to the B-roll clip. If I want to add a transition, I can click on that and let's do a burn transition. This is really common. You'll see it online all the time. Now let's play through it again. Here are three tips to get more done every single day. Tip number one is to... So really cool. That burn transition, I actually really like it. And you'll also notice it added a sound effect to the transition as well. And you can see that right here. See how it says, whoosh fire. That is the whoosh fire sound effect. I'll play it back so you can hear it again while you're now listening for it. Done every single day. Tip number one is... See? All right, now if you didn't like that, you can just click on that sound effect. You could choose from a bunch of other sound effects. You could turn the volume up. You could turn it down. You could add another sound. I'm just going to delete it for now. You can see now it's gone. If you wanted to come back and add another, it's there. You can just hit that add sound button. So tons of really helpful features in this really simple interface. Up next we can talk about the magic zooms. So if you click that, what it's going to do is basically go throughout your video and add kind of like the zoom in effects where it just zooms and on your clip. So we'll play it right here. It looks like it added one. Here are three tips to get more done. See how it starts zoomed in on my face? And then it zooms out. So that's zoom out. It will also do zoom in in other areas. It's a nice thing that a lot of people do to just kind of again keep that frame moving around in the edit and keep people engaged in the video. When you are done with your video, all you'd have to do first, I would recommend saving it just in case your internet goes out or if you're not done with it yet, you could go back to the homepage here. But from there, you can hit export. Okay. Now it will let you choose your quality. Okay. Standard is totally fine. 1080p is great for social media. 2K is part of the more premium plan. And then the highest end plan will let you do ultra HD 4K. Now I'm just going to stick to standard because if we're posting on social media, that's all that matters. Frames per second, we can leave as is. This was filmed at 30. So we're going to leave it like that and then we'll hit export. From there, it will bring you to this screen right here where it's just going to kind of compile your video. Put it in a format that you could easily download, share online, you know, send to your phone, send to a friend, whatever it may be. Once that's done, you'll just see a little download button right here. Now it's rewind back to the beginning of the video. I told you there are two ways to create content with Submagic. The first is by clicking generate captions and then just uploading a video from your computer. The second is Magic Clips. Okay. This allows you to add a longer form video. Maybe it was a podcast you filmed. Maybe it was a longer YouTube video, whatever it is. Okay. You basically upload or just drop the link to where this video is hosted online and then Submagic will go throughout the entire video and find the potentially viral moments, split them out for you and automatically turn them into videos. And again, it does a really good job of this. So to do this, you would click on Magic Clips. Now you could paste the URL of your YouTube video. You could upload the file here. Again, you are going to be limited to a two gigabyte file size. So if you're way beyond that, you know, post it on YouTube. If you don't want people to see it, you can post it on YouTube, but leave it as like a private or unlisted video. And once you do that, you will just hit process. Now that's going to take like 15 to 20 minutes, sometimes 10 minutes. It all depends on how long your actual video is. But it's going to go through your video and find those viral moments. Now I've done this already as an example. I took one of our podcast videos. And I uploaded it here into Submagic. It took about 15 minutes, but it found 25 clips. You can see right there 25 clips. So we'll click on the edit button here and just look at this. All of these are clips that it scanned the transcription. It's found potentially viral moments. It's ranked them on a score out of 100 as far as which ones it thinks are the most viral. And then it's already edited them. So check out this one right here, for example. I think the biggest skill I would recommend would be the video. The video. Like just because eventually, you know, we've talked about organic. I think that's a huge skill set to have just because first of all, it's going to help you with your ads if like you do want to launch something. So get it. It already did the captions. It's got the camera on Ashley. You can hear my voice in the background. And as I start speaking, it will switch to my face. And if we're both speaking like you can see here, it has options. I'll just mute the audio where we're both talking and it's going back and forth, right? It will stack us on top of one another really cool. And just like the entire process we've covered in this video already, we can click on this edit tool right here. And what do you know? It's going to bring us back to our three step workflow that we've already talked about. Trim, caption, B-roll, all that stuff, right? So if you want to add B-roll, just like we talked about before, it's going to analyze it. You can manually add your B-roll by searching for it or uploading it yourself. You can use the magic B-roll feature and let sub-magic do everything. This should all look very familiar. That's why I covered the entire process from start to finish before showing the magic clip here. Other than that, everything is exactly the same. It just depends on where you want to start from. A completely unedited clip or a longer video that you want to pull potentially viral moments out of. Either way, sub-magic is a really powerful app. As far as AI video editors like this are concerned, you will hear about other ones like OpusClip, captions. There's a lot of them on the internet. I extensively tested all three and I found that by far and away, sub-magic was the best. So if you want to sign up, we've got a link in the description below that you can use. Other than that, thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next one.