What's up creators, Anthony here, and in this video, I'm going to show you exactly how to use AI, specifically chat GPT, to outline and write content scripts faster without losing your unique voice. No more staring at that blank page for hours struggling to plan out your content. [♪ OUTRO MUSIC PLAYING [♪ Now, before we dive in, let's be clear on what AI can and can't do when it comes to script writing. AI is a powerful tool, but it's not a magic button that just replaces creativity. So here's what it can do. It can help generate ideas when you're stuck. It can create structured outlines in seconds. It can speed up the first draft process. It can improve clarity and engagement in your writing. It can refine scripts you've already written. It can point out factual inaccuracies and help you better research your content. It's incredible. That list could go on for a while. But here's what AI can't do. It will not replace your personal creativity. It will not understand your audience as deeply as you do. It won't write a perfect script on the first try without proper guidance. And sometimes it won't be accurate. AI can get confused and make things up every once in a while. So you want to make sure you read through your stuff and fact check it on your own. Think of AI as your assistant, not your replacement. All right, so with that out of the way, let's get into the step-by-step process for using AI to write your scripts. This process will apply to all types of content. Longform scripts, shortform scripts, emails, marketing videos, all of that stuff applies. But since YouTube scripts are longer and more challenging, especially for beginners, let's focus on using that a YouTube script here as our example. Step one, get AI to help you brainstorm ideas. Now you probably have an idea for your video already. That's great, and you can totally skip this step. We also have a dedicated video in this course on using AI for idea brainstorming where we really dive into this process in more detail. For now though, we'll just keep it somewhat basic as it's not the main topic of this video. An example prompt would be, give me 10 engaging YouTube video ideas for a channel about beginner content creation. This is gonna get the ball rolling, but to make this even more true to your channel, I'd actually start this process by having a quick conversation with Chatchy PT where you tell it about your channel, the creators that you look up to and details about your ideal viewer. This will help AI tailor its suggestions to your specific niche. Now step two is to generate a strong script outline given the title. So once you have your idea, the next step is getting AI to create a structured outline. So an example prompt would be, outline a YouTube script for a video titled, five mistakes beginner YouTubers typically make. Most of the time, Chatchy PT will give you a solid starting point, but we'll wanna modify it to put our own personal touch on it. So what you do here is copy and paste the outline into another document and make any tweaks to the outline before moving on. Maybe you disagree with one of the major mistakes outlined in the video, or maybe you wanna add a little bit more explanation on another point, just so Chatch has as much details as possible. The more detail you can provide in the outline, the better the final product will be. Then step three is to actually write the first draft with AI. In other words, now that we have an outline, we can get AI to basically write the script. So you would copy and paste the modified outline back into Chatchy PT and then use this example prompt. Write a teleprompter ready YouTube script in my personal writing style based on this outline. Make it engaging, structured for on camera delivery in under 10 minutes. Now, depending on the video you're making, this could go a few different ways. If the video isn't too long or insanely complex, there's a good chance that Chatchy PT will run through the entire script without any issues. This is especially true if you are a paid at Chatchy PT plus user with more available token requests or access to more advanced models. However, if the script is too long or really complex, you might find that the script really starts strong, but then starts to get pretty weak as time goes on. Chatchy PT is like a muscle. The more we ask of it in one single request, the more it's gonna start to fatigue as it continues working on that one output. So to solve this, you don't actually ask the AI to write the whole script in one swoop, all right? Instead, we focus on one section at a time. For example, you could use a prompt like this. Write just the hook in intro for this video in my personal style teleprompter ready format. Focus on making it engaging in curiosity driven. And by the way, if you're wondering why I say in my personal style teleprompter ready format, make sure to watch the video on training AI to write like you within this course. Now, once AI generates this section, review it. If it needs tweaks, ask AI to refine it. You could say, make this more conversational. Use a storytelling approach. Make it sound more like insert YouTubers name that you like. AI will then rewrite different sections depending on what you asked, getting closer and closer to the output that you actually want. Now, with our content, given the educational nature, I will commonly ask chat GPT to add in analogies or examples to make complex topics a little bit easier to understand. Now, once you're happy with that section, you can move on to the next one, repeating the process until the entire script is done. Now, in doing this, you want to make sure that your prompt specifies to build off of the previously written section. This will make sure that each section naturally transitions into one another, making the video flow nicely. Section three, refining AI generated scripts to sound natural. At this point, you have a first draft, but we're not done yet. One of the most important things you can do when it comes to video scripts is to read the thing out loud, ideally, multiple times. If you ever wonder how I sound natural when reading from a teleprompter, a huge cheat code that's very simple that I use is I simply read the script out loud before hitting that record button. Anytime I trip up on a word when reading it out loud, I rewrite that sentence to make it easier on myself. This also builds a little muscle memory in my brain so that I can almost anticipate what's coming next on the teleprompter when I'm actually recording, which basically makes you sound more natural. And that does it. You now know how to use AI to go from a blank page to a full script in no time. As always, thanks for watching, and I'll see you in the next one.