What's going on, creators? Anthony here again, and today we are diving into Photoshop's powerful AI features. Tools that can dramatically speed up your workflow and enhance your edits with just a few clicks. So Photoshop has integrated several AI-powered tools that can generate, expand, remove, and refine images effortlessly. And in this module, I'll walk you through these features, show you some real-world examples, and even share some free alternatives if you don't have access to Photoshop. With that being said, let's dive in. For those who are new to Photoshop, it's the industry standard software for image-editing graphic design in digital art. Photoshop is available as a standalone subscription for about $20.99 per month, or as part of the full Adobe Creative Cloud Suite, which includes all the tools like Illustrator, Premiere Pro, and After Effects for around $54.99 per month. Well, the cost can be high for serious creators and professionals. It's an investment that pays for itself and professionals. It's an investment that pays for itself in time-saved and the quality of the final output. And like I said earlier, if Photoshop's pricing isn't in your budget right now, stick around because later I will be covering some free alternatives. They're not quite as good as Photoshop, but they can get you some of the way. Now with that being said, let's break down the five most powerful AI tools in Photoshop and how they work. Number one, we have Generative Expand. Generative Expand lets you extend the edges of an image seamlessly. Even if the original background was there. I use Generative Expand all the time. Take this example here. Let's say we want to make a thumbnail for an upcoming YouTube video. We know we really like this shot, but it's vertical. It's not 16 by nine, which is what YouTube thumbnails need to be. To use Generative Expand, we would come over here to the crop tool in Photoshop, select that. And now we can literally just extend the frame. Now we don't even need to type anything. All we need to do is hit Generative Expand. If you did have something in mind, you could basically prompt it here, but you don't even need to type anything. You just hit Generate. It's gonna take a second. And boom, just like that, you have a seamless expansion of your original image. And you actually have three different variations. You'll see down here, this is one of three. This is two of three. And this is three of three. Honestly, all of them look seamless. This one is good. Like they're great. This is awesome. And you can see how useful this is, because now I can literally just grab the text tool. I can come in here and say create better content. Grab that text, we'll make it bigger. And it's like, boom, we've got a thumbnail kind of in the works. Obviously I'd tweak that more, but you can see how useful that is. Number two, Generative Fill. Generative Fill is one of the most powerful tools in Photoshop's AI lineup. It allows you to add, remove, or modify elements in an image using simple text prompts. Again, Generative Fill, super helpful. And I use it all the time. And it's really easy to do. So in Photoshop, you're gonna come up here to this icon. Now, if you hold your mouse, you'll see that you'll have different options. So maybe you're gonna see Magnetic Lazo and you won't see the previous tool we were showing. All you do is come up here, hold on it. You'll see the options. And then you can grab the Lazo. All this does is it allows you to select a portion of your image. So I could draw a little loop over this coffee mug right here. And now we've made our selection. Let's say I didn't like the coffee mug. And instead I wanted a plant, nice green plant, adding some color to the desk. Now that we have that selected, we can do Generative Fill and type in add a plant. Hey, Generate, it'll take a second. And boom, just like that, we have a plant, not a huge fan of this one. It looks a little weird. Again, that one looks weird too. That one looks a little bit better. It has kind of the perspective and even the shadow to match everything else. So that looks good. And also, let's say we wanted to just like add a pen here sitting on the notebook. Add a pen sitting on the notebook. Enter. And just like that, again, we have a perfectly natural looking pen sitting on the notebook. There are limitless possibilities with this tool. I mean, your imagination is really the only thing stopping you. It doesn't matter what type of content you create or what type of business you run. This can come in handy. Coming in at number three, we have Generate Background. With Generate Background, you can quickly remove a subject and replace the background with an AI generated scene that blends seamlessly with the original subject. Another really fun one here. I kind of like the background here in this shot, but let's say you hated it. And you wanted to put Anthony in a coffee shop instead of his studio. All we would need to do with the photo selected, you will see that we have the option here to just quickly remove the background. And just like that, the background is now gone. And you'll see we now have an option called Generate Background. We can click on that and say a coffee shop. Hit Generate and cool. That honestly looks like a nice coffee shop, but we have a couple different options here. I mean, that is just crazy. Even like the shot, it created another desk. It added the shadow and another option here. Not as big of a fan of this one. The perspective is like a little bit off. I think I'd go with this one, but I mean, overall, that is just crazy. Number four, distraction removal. This feature allows you to remove unwanted elements in your frame like wires, people or blemishes on an actual person. Now I love all of these tools, but this might be one of the best ones because it is just so crazy useful in so many different scenarios. Very often you take a photo and it is 95% perfect except there's a distraction in it. It might throw off the composition. It could distract people in a YouTube thumbnail or a post on social media. Like this shot here, I really do like the composition, center framing. We're really drawn to this subject in the middle, but we've got this whole thing going on part of a boat that just kind of throws off the composition. So we'll come back to our Lasso tool here. Draw a little shape around our distraction. Get it all in there. And okay, we've got our selection and I can say just remove and then generate. And just like that, Photoshop is smart enough to realize that what I wanted to remove was the boat and it did exactly that. And I mean, that just looks perfectly seamless. And that one shot, there's a little bit of a line there. But overall, I think it did a really great job. And this works on AI creations itself, right? So this background was completely created by AI. Let's say I didn't want this coffee mug or whatever this is right here. I could literally select it and just say remove. And just like that, it's removed it and added a cup of milk. Now we have an option without anything there and then we have another option with a glass. So really helpful in like so many applications of this tool. Number five is generate similar. So generate similar allows you to iterate and refine on an AI thing that was generated in your image by producing multiple variations of that thing. So last but not least, with generate similar, we'll actually go back to this example here. Now you'll see we have layers here, okay? We have our original layer. We have the layer that is the plant and you can see it actually has our prompt here. I just typed in at a plant. That's what it named layer. And then finally we have our pen layer right here. You'll see the AI prompt is still up. So if we wanted to generate something similar, right? Make a slight modification here. I could very easily come into the prompt and change it to a red pen. We'll hit generate and maybe now we'll have a little bit more color in this frame. And just like that, now we have a red pen, a couple of different options, a little bit more color, which is almost always a good thing. Now hopefully your brain is starting to connect the dots on how all of these AI tools can start to work together seamlessly. For example, we could take that YouTube channel banner we created earlier, throw it in Photoshop and extend it and make different versions or aspect ratios. You could take an AI generated thumbnail image and selectively remove or add specific elements to improve the overall composition. This is why I think it's important to learn about all of these tools, even if you aren't sure whether or not you'll use them to begin with. To truly unlock the full potential of AI, you need to understand what's possible with the different tools and then that's where you start to piece these things together and really start creating incredible things. It's also why the beginning of this course focuses on the broader overview of the tools before we dive into the specific actions later on in the course that might require multiple tools to produce. Now if you don't have Photoshop and you don't want to get it that's totally fine, there are some free alternatives out there or there are alternatives that just cost a lot less than Photoshop. So up first we actually are staying within Adobe here and it's Adobe Firefly. So Adobe Firefly offers many of the same AI tools found in Photoshop, including generative fill, background removal, image expansion, all that stuff. The free plan gives you a limited number of credits on a monthly basis that will re-up themselves each month. This is gonna allow you to access those features in a limited capacity, but the good news is if you do want basically unlimited use of those features rather than pay for Photoshop, which is $21 a month, the Adobe Firefly plan at the time of recording this video is just around $10 per month. Coming in at number two we have Photopi, which is a free web-based Photoshop alternative. And it does support a lot of the same AI tools like generative fill and background removal. Now Photopi does have a paid version which gives you unlimited access to these tools, but they also have an option where you could just watch two advertisements for free and it will let you use the AI tool once and if you want to use it again, you just watch more ads. So it kind of slows down the process, but it does give you free access. I will also add that, you know, Photopi is nice that it has these AI tools, but they aren't the same quality as you're going to get from Photoshop. Very often I find myself being like, you know, why the heck did it do that? Or add just something weird to the image, but other times it does a really good job. So it's just, you know, a lower quality free option. And then finally we have Canva. Now, like pretty much every software online, Canva does have both a free and paid option. They're going to reserve most of their best AI features for their paid option, which, you know, is worth getting. We have a plan at contentcreditor.com. We pay for it because we do really like it, but good news is their free plan has some limited AI features as well. Either way, the tools within Photoshop and some of these alternatives can really help you speed up your content workflow and improve the actual content you're creating. So hopefully you found this valuable. Other than that, thank you for watching and I'll see you in the next one. Here.