Throughout this program, you are going to learn how to use AI to supercharge your content creation. It doesn't matter if you're a course creator, a YouTuber, a social media content creator, a freelancer, or any type of business owner, learning these skills are crucial to your success. Now, if this is our first time meeting, my name is Anthony Gallo. I'm the co-founder of ContentCritor.com, and I cannot thank you enough for trusting us, joining our community of content creators. I'm extremely excited to see everything that you accomplish over the coming months and years. Now, I've been a content creator myself for the past 10 years, and it has been the joy of a lifetime. From being a solo freelancer, traveling the world, working with brands, to growing a YouTube channel, to hundreds of thousands of subscribers, and of course, launching this education platform that you're now a part of, it has been an incredible journey. When I first started hearing about AI tools for content creators, I was skeptical, and it turns out I was right, because 99% of them really sucked. However, over time, these tools have become so advanced. I honestly couldn't imagine running any of our businesses without the help of AI. Never in history has there been a better time where creators can get so much done in such little time, and it is all thanks to AI. The beginning of this program will serve as your crash course on the best AI tools, both free and paid. For people who have never used AI before, or you're just getting into it, this will be insanely valuable. You learn how to use chat GPT, you learn about the best image generators, the best video generators, and tons of other helpful AI tools. From there, we dive into advanced step-by-step trainings that show you how to use these tools to accomplish specific tasks that will elevate your content creation. You learn how to use AI to come up with viral content ideas, how to script in refined videos with AI, how to create insane thumbnails with nothing but AI, how to create relevant images and videos for your content, again with AI. How to enhance your audio, how to create epic backgrounds for your content, there's literally so much we're going to cover. Now this is not a super broad college lecture on AI tools. This is an AI course made by content creators for content creators, so you can cut through all of the noise online and focus on the most important things you really need to accomplish your goals. I want you to know that there is absolutely no sponsored content within our course here. No company has paid us to talk about their AI products or anything else like that, and it's super important you keep that in mind as you move forward. If you're anything like me every day, you see a post from some social media influencer talking about this game changing new AI that just came out and how you need to start using it. 99% of the time, the tool is absolute garbage, and the creator is simply being paid by the company to talk about the tool and make people feel like they're missing out by not using it. This course has none of that. We will only cover what actually works and will help you achieve your goals. At the end of this course, you're going to feel like you have a little army of AI soldiers supporting you, ready to help you work smarter and faster. Now before we move on to the next module, if you are fired up and ready to go, please drop a comment beneath this video outlining a little bit about yourself, what you're hoping to accomplish as a content creator, and then let us know which AI topics you're most excited to learn about in this course. Other than that, I'll see you in the next one.