Before diving into this video, I just want to give you a quick update on the AI tools and platforms that you're about to see us use in the training. As you all know by now, the AI marketplace that we recommend is promptedit.com. You can access all the best AI tools without needing a subscription to use them. The video that you're about to watch was filmed and edited before prompted it existed. So instead of using that platform, we had to use a handful of other platforms, many of which that required subscriptions to access the AI tools. The good news for you is you don't need to subscribe to these other platforms because the same tools that you're about to see in this training can now be accessed on promptedit. I just wanted to record this quick update. We are actively working to re-film and re-edit this entire training showing how it all works, just using the tools on promptedit. But for the time being, watch through the training, the tools work the same way on both platforms. I just didn't want you to be confused seeing this training, seeing other platforms and being like, I thought they recommended prompted it. We do, it just didn't exist at the time. That's it, back to the video. I'm gonna show you how you can create a $300,000 ad for less than $30. This is the same style ad that helped this company grow from $5 million to over $100 million in sales in just one year. Before AI producing something like this was almost impossible, unless you had a massive budget. You needed actors, expensive cameras, writers, a visual effects team, the list goes on. But now you don't need any of that. To build this ad, we're gonna break this video down into five simple sections. One, the outline. Two, creating characters, three, storyboarding, four, generating videos, and five, editing. By the end of this video, you'll know how to create insanely realistic characters and how to get very reliable character consistency so they look identical in every scene. This will also help you create AI short films, AI social media content, or really any AI video related project. You'll also learn the best tools to use and a stupid, simple workflow to follow. So even if this is your first time creating an AI video, you'll know exactly what to do. Not to mention, you'll also learn to do a couple really cool effects like this. Plus, we're gonna do a full editing walkthrough at the end of this video using a free editing software. So you'll know exactly how to piece all of your AI footage together. This is a full blown masterclass, couple prompt templates for free that will make the ad creation process so much easier. All right, I'm super fired up. Let's dive right into it. Now, we don't need to spend a lot of time here, but it is an important part of the process. So let's quickly build a script. And to do this, we can use AI. Now, Dr. Squash nails a very simple storytelling pattern in all of their videos. They always start with a hook that grabs your attention. You're not a dish. Then they mix in a bit of education and humor about their products. Here's a base of olive oil, coconut oil, and shape butter. And lastly, they finish it off but they clear call to action. Go to Dr. Squatch.com to treat your skin the real natural soap. So to write this script for this video, we're gonna use a tool called ChatGPT. To figure out what our product should be, I'm gonna ask it, what would be a funny Dr. Squash soap product? It came back with a couple hilarious ideas, stuff like lumberjack tears, dad strength, and a breakup story. I think dad strength is a super funny angle for this ad. So let's roll that one. Now I'm just gonna ask ChatGPT to write a 30 second script for the dad strength Dr. Squash soap. And I'll tell it to follow the Dr. Squash storytelling formula, strong hook, humor, and education around the product, and then a call to action. And boom, just like that, now we've got ourselves a Dr. Squash style script. So let's quickly read through this. The soap you're using? It's weak, like a grip. You need dad strength by Dr. Squash. Forged from oak, coffee, and a lot of responsibility. It's the power that makes you carry all the groceries in in one trip, grill in a thunderstorm, and twist that pickle jar open like it personally challenged you. And then it cuts to the sun, smelling a bar of soap, and then he has an intense reaction, then the dad nods proudly, and then he says, That's what manhood smells like. And then it ends with a narrator saying, Dr. Squash, smell like a man with dad strength. All right, on to the next section, creating characters. And this is basically the casting part of our ad. But instead of going out, finding characters or convincing your friends to help, we can literally create an image of anyone that we want for this role. Looking at the script, we've got three characters. The father, the son, and the narrator. Since the narrator has the most lines, let's start with him. Now, what I'm gonna do real quick is just close my eyes and visualize what I think this character could look like. And immediately, I'm kind of thinking of something between Chris Pratt, Ryan Reynolds, James Schrader, something like that classic funny, confident guy. To bring that image in our head to life, we're gonna use an AI tool called Nano Banana Pro. Now to access this tool, we're gonna go to a site called Higgsfield.ai. I just think they built a really solid product and their platform makes AI video creation super easy to do. So to access Nano Banana Pro on Higgsfield, head over to Image on the top bar and then click Nano Banana Pro. After you select that, you'll see this box appear down here. That is our prompt box. This is where we'll describe what we want our character to look like. For example, that James Schrader, Ryan Reynolds, kind of hybrid. Now, if you wanna get good results with your image, there's a couple things that you need to know when it comes to prompting. First off, if you type something vague, you're gonna get a really vague result. For example, if I said a man in his 30s with a beard, who's a funny character, Nano Banana will literally spit out a million random possibilities of what that could be. Instead, you should use a prompting template. When you use a template, it's going to give the AI lots of structure and direction, which will help you get much closer to the desired result. For example, check out the difference when using a template versus not using one. These four images that you see on the screen right now, were made without a template. Notice how different every single one looks. Even though I use the same exact prompt for every single one. Now, check out these four images on the screen. They were made with a template and they all look super consistent. So real quick, let's go over how to use the template. First, open up Chatchy PT and then open up a new chat. Then paste the character generation template that you can download for free in the description of this video. You're gonna wanna paste that into the chat with Chatchy PT. Next, highlight where it says enter character details and then delete that. Now, type as much detail as possible about the character that you see in your head. The questions that you should answer are, what do they sound like? Who do they look like? Are they young? Are they old? Are they confident? Are they shy? After you fill in all of that information, hit enter and then copy and paste the answer that Chatchy PT gives you back inside Nana Banana Pro inside of Higgs Field. Again, if you want that prompt template and it's tutorial on how to use it, click the link in the description of this video and I'll shoot that over to you. All right, now I'm gonna use that same prompt template to generate the other two characters in this ad. This is for the father and the son. For the father, I want like a really manly looking man someone who looks like they can fix a tire in the middle of a snow storm, rain, sleep, or whatever. After feeding that info into the template and back into Nana Banana Pro, it gave me these results. And I think this one right here is absolutely perfect. Now for the son, I want the complete opposite. Someone young, innocent, hasn't really experienced that much, longer hair, softer features, basically your stereotypical liking teenager. After feeding that information into the template and back into Nana Banana Pro, it gave me these images. And I think this one pretty much nails it. It's exactly what I had in mind. All right, now let's move on to step three, which is crucial in any AI video that you make and that is storyboarding. Now the goal here is simple. We're taking what's in our head and laying it out visually so we can see the entire video from start to finish. And the reason why this step is so important is because we're using a process called image to video. That means every image that we create is the start frame of a video. So the storyboard really becomes our foundation. This is what gives us that bird's eye view into how every scene starts and connects together. Now people love to overcomplicate this part of the process with fancy software and more tools, but honestly, it really doesn't need to be that deep. I'll show you a super simple way to do it and it won't cost you anything. First, we're just gonna open up a Google doc and then we're gonna copy the script that we generated from chat GPT, paste it right here into the Google doc. Now once we're done generating our images with NanoBanana Pro, all we have to do is drag them straight onto the Google doc and drop each one under the line that it matches in the scripts. And a quick little pro tip here is always make sure your storyboard has the most up-to-date version of your images. During the storyboarding process, you'll probably download a bunch of images that you might use to your computer but only add the ones that you're actually going to use to the storyboard. Trust me, when we start generating videos later, this will save you a ton of time and confusion. Also, feel free to resize the images in the Google doc. This won't affect the image quality at when we turn them into videos later. All right, so the first line in the script is... The soap you're using? It's weak, like a grip. I think a funny setup here would be the narrator standing in a driveway with the dad in the background holding a bunch of groceries. And then when the narrator says, it's weak, like a grip. It cuts to the dad as he falls over with all the groceries. Now, to really sell this effect, we have to make a version of the dad without the dad strength. And this is super easy to do with Nana Banana Pro because all we have to do is upload the original image of the manly looking dad and then prompt Nana Banana to create a youthful, clean shave in 31 year old boy looking version of this character. And then there we go. This is what we get. And I think that looks perfect. Now to actually build the scene, we have to think like a director. Very similar to the character creation process. If we use it vague prompts, like a man is holding soap and standing in front of another man, the man in the back looks like he's struggling and about to fall down. This will generate radically different versions of the scene every single time. This will make it very complicated when he tried to make adjustments to the prompt to fit your vision exactly. So how can we get consistent results? Well, similar to the character creation process, we need to feed the AI consistent inputs. I built a scene generation template that is absolutely perfect for generating scenes for your storyboard. This template includes camera framing and composition, main subject and prompt details, lighting and tone description, background action or secondary subjects, and overall tone, mood and emotional direction. Check out the difference between this vague prompt versus using the template and then adding in descriptive information that I want in the scene. It's an absolute massive difference. Below this video, you can download this prompt template for free. I also added a quick tutorial showing you how to use it to get the best results. Now I actually love the way that this version came out. So we're gonna use this shot as the first scene in our ad. All right, and now on to the next slide in the script. It's weak, like a grip. I think it'd be really funny to cut to the dad falling over here. So I'm gonna generate a close-up shot of him using the image that we just made. To do that, I'll hover over the image that we just generated and then select edit. That will automatically add that image to the prompt box and then from there, we can type out generate an in-focus close-up shot of the man wearing the plaid shirt. The man in the blue shirt should not be in the image and then let's hit generate. And now we have this image, which is almost perfect but notice how the face looks more like the guy in the blue shirt which is not what we want. So to fix that, I'm gonna do the same thing and hover over the image and then click the edit button. Again, that will automatically load that image into the prompt box which now becomes our base image. Now we can upload the shot of the younger looking dad and that will be our target image. Then we can use the nano-banana pro face swap prompt by saying swap the face in image one with the face from image two, maintaining realism and matching the original lighting and expression. I'll also include that prompt in the free download linked in this video's description. And boom, after that, we've got this image which I think is absolutely perfect. All right, the next line in the script is You Need Dad Strength by Dr. Squash. I think this is a great spot for a classic product shot where the old soap magically transforms into the new soap. Now going over every single prompt that I use for each shot would take forever. This video would be like four hours long. So instead, I made this super easy to follow a long guide. I like the exact prompt that I use for each image and place it beside the result so you can see exactly what it generated. You can follow along in this video or you can use them as inspiration for your own videos. You can grab that follow a long guide in the description of this video as well. And to make it a little bit quicker from here on out in the video, I'm just gonna walk through the vision that I had for each prompt and then show you what the final result looked like. To get all of these results, I've used the templates that I've talked about earlier and then fed my inputs into those templates. For this product shot, I wanted a simple white soap bottle with the words weak soap on the front. And then that gave us this image. Now the vision that I have for this sequence and the final ad is to make the weak soap bottle magically transform into the Dr. Squash soap. To do that, I'm gonna hover over the weak soap bottle and then click edit. Then I'm gonna head over to Google and search for an image of a Dr. Squash bar of soap. Once I download that, I can then upload it into the prompt box here. Next, I'm gonna use this prompt. Replace the weak soap with a bar of Dr. Squash soap. Then I'll hit generate and then boom, look at that. That looks absolutely insane. It's very important that nothing else in the scene changed. I just wanted the weak soap to transform into the Dr. Squash soap. Now it's really good, but it's not perfect because it says wood barrel bourbon. But we can edit that out, super easy, and Nana Banana Pro. So let's hover over that image and then select edit. And now I'm gonna prompt Nana Banana to change the name of the soap from wood barrel bourbon to say dad strength. Next, I'm gonna hit generate and boom, that looks absolutely insane. So crazy that we've taken so long to do in Photoshop. All right, onto the next line in the scripts. Forch from oak, coffee, and a lot of responsibility. For this shot, I wanna show the guy from the first scene laying next to the car with all the groceries scattered around him. But this time we're gonna do a transition shot where the younger looking dad transforms into the older looking dad. So let's take that image of the younger looking guy laying next to the car and ask Nana Banana Pro to keep everything in the scene exactly the same. But replace the person laying on the ground in the first image with the person from the second image. And that is absolutely insane. I cannot get over how good this came out. All right, the next part of the ad is going to consist of a couple different action shots, kind of like a mini montage. The script says, it's the power that makes you carry all the groceries in in one trip, grill in a thunderstorm, and twist that pickle jar open like it personally challenged you. So let's use the scene generation template to build out a few shots. First, I wanna make a scene of the dad carrying in all of the groceries. I want that intense, determined face like he's struggling but refuses to give up. Next, I wanna shot of him standing out in the rain, grilling burgers, and dogs. And then lastly, I wanna shot of him fighting to open that pickle jar like it personally offended him. I think all of these images came out super good. Now before we go any further, let's make sure to drop all of these images onto the storyboard. Same rules before, place each image directly under the line that it represents in the script. All right, now onto a bit of comedy. And this scene, the boy smells the soap, then he has a huge reaction, and then the grown man looks over and says, That's what manhood smells like. For this part, I think it'd be really funny to start with a wide shot of both of them. The dad and the son in the same frame with the boy sniffing the soap. Then I wanna cut to a close-up shot of the boy's intense reaction. For that shot, I just asked Nana Banana to create a close-up shot of the boy sniffing the bar of soap. I also wanna make sure his reaction is showing how powerful the soap is. Then I wanna cut to the dad's reaction when he looks over and he says, That's what manhood smells like. So all I did was take that original image of both of them and then asked Nana Banana Pro to create a close-up shot of the father. And that's how this image came out. Now for the last line in the script, a lot of these e-commerce brands wrap up their ads with a clean product shot. And I think that would work perfect here. So I asked Nana Banana Pro to generate a full product shot of the dad's strength soap by Dr. Squash. Into the prompt box, I added a reference image of what the dad's strength soap should look like. This is the same exact one that we used from earlier on. Next, we're gonna hit generate and then, phew, this is insane. This literally came out so good. This actually looks like a legit product. It's actually pretty insane. I'm actually really hyped on how this is turning out. All right, the next step in the process after we've got our whole storyboard laid out is generating the videos. This is where the video really comes to life. So let's go back over to Higgs field and then go up to the top bar, hover over video and then click create video. But before we generate anything, let's just do a quick rundown on Higgs field video generation. On the left hand side bar, you'll see options to add an image, select a video model and then choose an aspect ratio. Those are literally the only three buttons you need to know to make an insane add. So first, let's pick the model. We're gonna choose Google VO 3.1. After that, let's select 16 by nine as the aspect ratio. And then lastly, let's upload our image. Now to get images into Higgs field, we'll need to add them to our desktop or somewhere locally on our computer. To do this, let's go to our storyboard Google doc and then select file, download and then web page. This will save a high resolution version of all of your storyboard images into an organized folder onto your desktop. To open it, all we have to do is double click on this zip file. Then click into the folder, then inside, you'll see an HTML file and a folder called images. You can just delete the HTML file because we won't be needing that. From here, what I like to do is create a new folder and then call that folder videos. This will be where we save all of the videos that we create in Higgs field. Now, unfortunately, these images will not save to your desktop in the order of your storyboard. So what I like to do is just keep that Google doc open while I'm generating videos. That way, I can use it as a reference on which one to do next. All right, let's jump back into Higgs field and now we'll drag and drop that first scene of our video into this box right here. In the prompt box, you'll see a little toggle called enhance and we definitely want to make sure that is turned on. The reason why we want this turned on is because inside of this prompt box, we're going to answer four simple questions. Question number one, what is the person saying and what is the tone they're saying it in? Question number two, what is the camera doing? For example, is it on a tripod or is it zooming in? Question number three, what is the action for the shot? For example, what are the characters doing in the scene? Question number four, what is the context of the scene? For example, where are they and what is happening around them? If we can answer those four questions in as much detail as possible and we have enhanced turned on, Higgs field is going to take that prompt and then level it up on the back end so we get a much better video. For example, let's do this first one right here. In the prompt box, I'm going to type, the man in the blue shirt says, the soap you're using, it's weak, like your grip. He delivers the line with confidence and a hint of sarcasm, almost like he's teasing the viewer. The camera is locked off on a tripod, no movement. The man in the blue jacket maintains direct eye contact with the camera the entire time. In the background, a man in a plaid shirt is struggling to stand up under the weight of the heavy grocery bags. He looks unstable, leaning on the car for support. The scene should feel funny and over the top, similar to a classic old spice commercial. No music, no sound effects. Now that we have our prompt, let's head generate. The soap you're using is weak, like your grip. All right, cool, one thing to keep in mind here is the full shot doesn't have to be exactly perfect. That's because we're going to cut to the close-up shot for the second half of this video. As long as the audio is clear and the delivery from the narrator sounds good, the shot will work great. Also, we're going to change the voice of this video later on so don't worry if the voice doesn't sound exactly how you want it. The main thing is that the tone and delivery is what you want because that is something we will not be able to change. All right, now let's move on to the close-up shot of the man falling over. I'm going to do this part of the video similar to the scene generation where I kind of explain the vision that I had for each shot so we can move through a little bit faster. For this shot, I want the camera locked off on a tripod and I want the subject struggling to keep this balance. Then after a few seconds, I want them to lose this balance and then fall out of the frame. This is how the final video looks. And honestly, I'm pretty stoked about it, but I really wanted the camera to stay locked off on a tripod. VL3.1 is having a tough time with that. So I'm going to try a different video generation model to see how it handles the prompt. To call me the prompt, all I have to do is click here and then I can select the video model here. After that, I'll go to cling and then select clang 2.6. These are pretty much the two best models for creating ads. VL3.1 and clang 2.6. With clang 2.6 selected, I'm going to hit generate. And now let's check out how this looks. These are too heavy. Yeah, this one came out super good. The audio will be really easy to clean up. And I love how the camera actually stayed locked off on a tripod. So let's go ahead and download this one. All right, onto the next shot. And this one is one of my favorite sequences and the whole ad. To pull off this crazy effect that you're seeing on the screen right now, we're going to use a technique called first frame and last frame. To do this, we've got to change our model back to the first frame. To do this, we've got to change our model back to VL3.1. With first frame and last frame, this is where we tell the AI what we want the first frame to be and what we want the last frame to be. And then in the prompt box, we're describing what happens in between those two frames. So for this effect, I want the weak soap bottle to magically turn into the dad strength soap. And I'm also going to mention that I only want the transition to last one second. So after we do that, now let's hit generate. In my opinion, this is where AI is absolutely crushing it. Doing something like this manually would take forever. But now it can be done by anyone in a couple seconds. All right, for this next shot, we're doing something really similar, although this time we're transitioning from the younger looking dad into the older looking dad. Now let's add a prompt that we want the younger man to look at the soap and then quickly transform into the older man. And after we have the prompt, let's hit generate. Ha, ha, ha, crazy. These are going out so good. Next up, we're going to build a nice little montage sequence of the dad. This will show him carrying the bags in, grilling, and then cracking open that pickle jar. I want all of these videos to have a cinematic feel. So I'm going to add some camera movement to each shot. For the first one, I think it'd be hilarious to have a slow zoom in on the dad's face while he's carrying the bags in. The camera could track backwards as he's moving forward. For the next one, I want the rain pouring down with thunder and lightning bolts going off in the background. And for this last one, I want a cinematic shot of him twisting open the pickle jar. I want him really struggling at the beginning, but then at the end, he gets it and then he's super happy. Now this next part of the video, I'm really excited for, because we get to add a new character in with another dialogue line. For this shot, I want to generate a slow zoom in on the boy as he's sniffing the bar of soap. Now, unfortunately, when I try to generate this video with Vio 3.1, I get an error message because Vio 3.1 doesn't allow any generations with someone who looks like they're under 18 years old. Clean's a little bit more flexible, so let's change the model back to Kling 2.6. And now let's hit generate. I got to say Kling 2.6 looks insanely good. If you start with a high resolution image, you're almost guaranteed to get a great looking video out of it. And if you don't want to use Vio 3.1, or you're just not getting good results with Vio 3.1, you can definitely use Kling 2.6 for the ad instead. I've always had pretty good results with Vio 3.1, so I tend to use that, but Kling 2.6 definitely gives Vio 3.1 a run for its money. Now for the close up reaction shot, I'm also going to use Kling 2.6. I want a reaction shot of the boy sniffing the soap and then making a reaction like, whoa, that was really strong. Then for the close up shot of the dad saying, That's what manhood smells like. I switched back to Vio 3.1 and told the character to deliver the line like he's trying to sound impressive and proud. That's what manhood smells like. I think that came out pretty solid. And for the lash-aw, I'm going to switch back to Kling 2.6 and generate a slow zoom in on the product. I think Kling 2.6 works really well with product shots. Alright, so there's actually one more step in the video generation section before we jump into editing. And that's picking the voices for our characters. For this, we're going to use a tool called 11 Labs. They've got a ton of voices to choose from and the platform is really easy to use. And honestly, it's pretty affordable as well. Alright, first let's break down how many voices we need. We've got three characters, the boy, the narrator, and the dad. But only two of them say lines, so we just got to find voices for the dad and the narrator. The narrator has the most lines and probably the most important voice in the whole video. So let's start off with him. To pick his voice, let's jump into 11 Labs and then click on the voices tab. Make sure you have the explore section selected and then we can head over to filters and narrow down our search. For languages, I'm going to choose English. For the accent, I'm just going to keep it open for right now. Then for the age, I'm going to select middle age and then hit apply. Now we can click through any of these voices to preview how they sound. I can guide you through a meditation. Change and all things is sweet. Hey guys, here's just a more casual kind of relaxed version of my voice. Alright, I just spent a couple minutes listening through them and I really like this one for the narrator. The final portrait is often furthest from the truth. It's got a slight Australian accent, which is one of my favorites and I think it's going to be perfect for this ad. For the dad's voice, I found something really deep. Can I like that classic smooth calm tone? The universe whispers its secrets, waiting only for a heart that is open enough to listen. I think it'll work super well for this ad as well. Now to add these voices to our library, so we can use them, all we had to do is hit this little plus button. Now we can go back to our Google Doc and then we can copy each line of the script and then paste that into 11 labs to create all of the voices. I'm going to skip the first line in the ad for right now just because that audio was generated with Vio 3.1. I'll show you how to change that in a couple minutes but for now let's just skip to the second line. So let's copy the second line of the script and then let's jump back over to 11 labs. Make sure this tab is selected and then we can paste it right here. And then we want to go over here and select the V3 model. This is actually a very important step because there's a huge difference between the V2 and V3 outputs. For example, check out this. You need dad strength by Dr. Squatch. You need dad strength by Dr. Squatch. The V3 model sounds way more expressive in human which is why I always like to use it for videos. Another cool thing with the V3 model is that we can add these director cues. Stuff like dramatic, sad, happy or confident, we can add these in to control how the line is delivered. For example, check this out. In the first example, I'm going to add a bracket here and type in depressed. Let's generate this version. You need dad strength by Dr. Squatch. And now I'm going to change it to say excited. And now let's generate this version. You need dad strength by Dr. Squatch. This allows us to really customize the tone of how we want this voice over to sound. For this line in the script, I want the narrator to sound excited, confident, then maybe even a little cocky on that last line. After I add the brackets in, I'm going to hit generate. And then at the bottom of the screen here, we can see that that gave us two results to choose from. I can play each result by clicking here and listening to each one. I like this one a lot more, so I'm going to hit download. If you don't like the results, you can hit regenerate to get two new versions, or you can tweak up the prompt to change up the tone. Now all we would do is use that same exact process to handle the rest of the script. Copy lines from our script, paste them into 11 labs, and then hit generate. Now you might be wondering, how do we change the audio from the VO3.1 videos? So let's do that right now. Now the VO3.1 audio did come out good, but it doesn't really match the rest of the video. So to change that, we're going to use a different tool inside of 11 labs. This tool is called the voice changer tool. To access the voice changer tool, click on this tab right here. When you do, you'll see a box where you can upload your video. Now all we have to do is drag and drop our VO3.1 video inside of that box. Now let's go over to this section right here, and then we want to select the output voice to the voice that we want it to sound like. So let's choose the same voice that was used for the narration. Once that's selected, all we had to do is hit generate. You need dad strength by Dr. Squatch. And boom, just like that, now that audio matches the rest of the narration. This happens one more time in the video with the dad voice. So real quick, let's add the VO3.1 video of the dad saying, that's what manhood smells like. Now let's change the output voice to the dad voice that we selected, and then let's hit generate. That's what manhood smells like. Perfect. Now that we've got all of our videos locked in, we got our audio dialed, let's move into the final step, the one that's going to tie all of this together, and that is editing. All right, we're now moving into the computer here where we're going to be putting everything together. So the free editing tool that we're going to be using is called DaVinci Resolve. Now you don't have to use DaVinci Resolve, but because it is free and it's really easy to use, I can see perfect tool to use for this demonstration. All right, so what I'm going to do first is pull up our storyboard right here, so we know what shot we're looking for first. And in this case, we're looking for the line when the narrator says, the soap you're using, it's weak like your grip. So we're looking for this video first. Now what we can do is go to DaVinci Resolve, we can pull up Finder, and here are all of the videos that we've generated so far. So first, I'm just going to look for the one right here, and this is the one perfect just like this. The soap you're using is weak like your grip. And notice how the audio is still the Vio 3.1 audio. In 11 labs, we've generated the new audio, but we haven't put that new audio to the video yet. And this is exactly what we're going to do right now. So all we have to do is click and just drag this rate into our timeline just like this. Now I'm just going to quickly come down here and expand this. And that allows us to see the audio waveforms. I'm going to grab this middle bar right here, and that's going to slide it up. Now I won't make this an in-depth tutorial on how to use DaVinci Resolve. We actually have a really, really good training on DaVinci Resolve in the 14-day filmmaker program that we teach at contentcredit.com. I'll link that course in the description of this video below if you want to master DaVinci Resolve. So now what we're going to do is pull up Finder, and we just want to go to our audio folder right here. And now what we're doing is looking for the updated audio. In 11 Labs, this is when we uploaded the VO3.1 video and then changed that output to match the narrator's voice. So that is this audio right here. The soap you're using is weak like your grip. Perfect. So now all we have to do is just click and drag that rate in here. Now I can expand this down a little bit. I'm going to move this guy up and expand this down. So now what we're trying to do is just match these up right here. So what I can do is just click and drag this red line right here. That's called our playhead. We're just going to move this up to the first frame right here right before this audio waveform starts. Now what we can do is click and drag this in over here. It's going to zoom it in. And notice how these are not starting up at the same time. So now what I'm going to do is click at the beginning of this and drag this in just a little bit, just like that. Now I can move this over just like that, just one frame over. And now notice how these line up much better. So now if I play these together, it should sound like they're playing at the same time. The soap you're using is weak like your grip. Perfect. They're playing at the same time. Now all we have to do is just go back to the beginning here and we can delete this audio just like that. Now we can move that one up. Now we have the updated audio. Check this out. The soap you're using is weak like your grip. Awesome. Perfect. So now let's go back to our storyboard and we're looking for this shot right here. So let's go back to DaVinci Resolve, pull up finder, go to videos and let's look for that shot. These are too heavy. Perfect. This is the one that we're looking for. So now what we can do is drag this into DaVinci Resolve. And to do that, we can just click and drag it right over here. All right, so now let's go back into DaVinci Resolve. Let's move this bar down a little bit. Let's double click on this shot right here. And now what we can do is select the part of this video that we want to use. So to do that, I'm gonna go to this small playhead right here and I want to drag this to the start frame, which is right about here. So now I'm just gonna hit I on my keyboard, play the video by hitting spacebar. And now I can hit, oh, just like that. Now I can click and drag this down just like this. So we're a little zoomed in down here. So why don't we click over here and zoom out. So now let's time up this video track right here to where we want it on this bottom video track. So if we go back to our storyboard, I wanted to come in when the narrator says it's weak like your grip. So I'm gonna go back to DaVinci Resolve and look for that line. The still you're using is weak like your grip. Perfect. So right about here, this is where he says like your grip. So now I can just click and drag this over here. Like your grip. Perfect. So that's pretty good. I just want him to start falling a little bit faster. So I'm just gonna go over like this. Now I can just move this back a little bit. Now I can readjust these. Now I can put this back over here. Weak like your grip. It's pretty good. I can extend this ending out just a little bit more. And now I don't need anything past this point. So all I have to do is go to the end of the video just like this and move it back. And I can click this one as well and move it back. So now this is what our ad looks like so far. The still you're using is weak like your grip. That's super good. So now let's go back to the storyboard and look for the next line. And that is you need dad strength by Dr. Squash. So now let's go to DaVinci Resolve, open up Finder, then go to Audio and let's look for that line. You need dad strength by Dr. Squash. Perfect. So now we can click and drag this in here because this is an audio track. It's gotta go down here into this audio one layer. And now what we're looking for is that transition shot that we made. So let's go to DaVinci Resolve, Finder, GoToVideos. And let's find that transition shot. I think this is it right here. Perfect. I love this one. This one's so good. So now let's click and drag this down here. Now notice if I drag it here, this audio from the video is actually covering up the narrator audio. So we want to drag it one more layer just like that just to make sure that's not coming covered up. Now we can click down here and move this over. So notice down here, this top video is much longer than the narration audio. So an easy way to time this perfectly is to go to our video track and pick out the last frame that we want to use. So I think right here is perfect. This is the last frame of the video that we want to use. So what I can do is just delete everything past this point. So I'm just gonna make a cut point there, delete all that. Now I can delete the beginning part of this video right here. But I just moving that backwards, click this, drag this over. So now notice how these are lining up at the same exact time. So now I can scroll to the left. I can go to the beginning of this video track, move this to the left and re extend out the beginning of that video. So now the timing should be perfect. Now what I can do is click here, zoom out a little bit. And now let's check out the ad so far. So I'm gonna go to the beginning and hit play. The soap you're using is weak like your grip. You need dad strength by Dr. Squatch. Sorry. Oh, that's so good. All right, so let's jump back into the storyboard and the next line that we're looking for is Forge from Oak, Coffee, and a lot of responsibility. So let's jump back into DaVinci Resolve, pull up Finder and go to our audio. Forge from Oak, Coffee, and a lot of responsibility. Perfect. So now let's click and drag this down here. Now let's go back to the storyboard and we're looking for this transition right here. So let's jump back into DaVinci Resolve, pull up Finder and go to our videos. Perfect. All right, so same thing as before, click and drag this down here. Just wanna make sure that we're not covering up that narration audio. So now we'll do the same exact thing as before. Just wanna zoom out a little bit. And we're looking for the last frame of this video track that we wanna use. So let's go over here. So I think right about here would be absolutely perfect. Perfect, maybe even a little bit more. I think that would be really good right there. He just kinda looks over. So now we can delete the rest of this and we're just gonna delete the rest of that. Again, we wanna click at the beginning, move this in. So now that allows us to move this to the end. Now we're lined up perfectly here. I can click here and extend that back out. So now this is what it looks like. Forge from Oak, Coffee, and a lot of responsibility. So good. All right, let's go back to the storyboard. And now we have this cool little montage sequence right here. So let's find this narration line. We're gonna go back to DaVinci Resolve. Go back to our audio. It's the power that makes you carry all the groceries in on one trip. Grill in a thunderstorm and twist the pickle jar open like it personally challenged you. Perfect. So now we can click and drag this right over here. Now let's find those videos. So we want to go back to the storyboard. We're looking for this grocery shopping one right here. So I'm gonna go DaVinci Resolve. Back to videos. This one right here. That's good. So now a same thing, click and drag this over. Now let's look for the last frame that we wanna use on this video. So the grocery audio ends right about here. So we wanna cut this video to end right about here. So let's look for that last frame that we wanna use. I think that's pretty good right there. So now we can delete the rest of that. We don't need it. We can move this in at the beginning. Let's find that last point right here. So that's pretty good right there. We can move this over, extend this out. All right, so let's find that thunderstorm clip. Perfect. So now we can click and drag this in. So right now I'm looking for that last frame that I wanna use. And I think that bolt right there would be super good. Although you can't really see the grill. So let's go to the beginning here. Looks like it kinda looks a little fake on the face right here with the rain coming in. So let's use this middle section right here. And I really like that right there. I kinda like the smoke that comes by. So let's use this as our last frame. And we can delete the backside of that. We don't need that. And now let's figure out this audio. Cool. So this is our last point. We can move this way in. Can move this over. Again, this is our last frame right there. Now I can extend this out. And now let's check this out. Perfect. All right, now let's get that last shot. The pickle jar shot. Perfect. So now we can click and drag this in. All right, let's look for that last frame. I think that's perfect right there just showing a little bit of that celebration would be really good. So let's click here, split that and delete the second half. Now we can move this way in. And let's find that last point right here. So we challenged you. Perfect. So now what I'm gonna do is click and drag this to the end just like that. Make sure these line up. Now I can extend this beginning out. All right, let's go back to the storyboard. And now we have this shot right here where we're not actually doing any narration here. It just cuts to the sun. The sun smells the bar, has a reaction, and then the dad cuts over. So this is gonna be probably our most technical part right here. But I think if we do this right, it's gonna look really good. So let's grab that shot of them both in the bathroom. Okay, perfect. So now what we can do is click and drag this in. Right about there. Now what I'm gonna do here is look for the last frame that I wanna do in this shot right here. So all right, so the little kid doesn't really have the best reaction right here. So let's go sniff like that. And you can kinda tell that he's intaking right there. So let's use this as our last frame. So I'm gonna split this, delete this, and now let's figure out how long we want this to be. So looks like he kinda goes in. I kinda like rate as the shoulders are going up. So let's start it right there. Now I can just click the beginning of this, drag it in, and then drag this over here. Now notice there's no narration happening here. So I can put this audio on this first audio track right here. If there was narration happening, I would need to bring this down a level because I wouldn't wanna cover up the narration audio. But for now it's fine. I can keep it on that main track just like this. Now let's cut to the boys reaction. Perfect, so now I can drag this in just like that. Again, let's find that last frame that we wanna use. Right about, that's pretty good. So now what we can do is make a cut point here and delete the rest of this. So let's go back a little bit and we just wanna have this be really quick. So kinda start with the eyebrows coming up just like that. Now what I'm gonna do is just add a cut point right here and delete the beginning half of that because we don't need it anymore. And now I can click and drag this right to the beginning just like that. All right, let's check out this timing so far. That's pretty good. Let's extend this reaction out just like one or two more frames. Okay, I think that's really good. Now let's get the dad saying his line in here. That's what manhood smells like. Perfect, so now we can click and drag this down here. So now I'm just going to drag this bar up a little bit. Just we have a little room down here. And the same thing as before, this is VO 3.1 audio, but I wanted to use that really deep audio that we found from 11 labs. So what I'm gonna do is pull that audio up. That's what manhood smells like. Perfect, there it is. So now we can click and drag this below the video just like that. And now notice what I'm trying to do here. I'm trying to line them up. So that looks pretty good right there. See how they're pretty lined up. So let's hear what these two sound like and see if they sound lined up. That's what manhood smells like. Okay, perfect. They sound exactly perfect. So now what we can do is delete this audio right down here. An easy way to do this, and eventually resolve is to hold down option on your keyboard. Click here and then notice how that just selected the audio track, just like that. Now we can hit delete. And now what I can do is click down here and bring this up a level just like that. Now notice how there's a lot of space in between when the dad kind of looks over any talks. I kind of wanted to go right into when the dad is speaking. So what I'm gonna do is find my playhead marker right there. This is right before he talks. And I'm gonna go to the beginning of this, just like that. So I'm just highlighting the front half of that clip and I'm just pulling this back. And I'm doing the exact same just like that. So now what I can do is highlight these two clips and move them to connect flush just like that. All right, so let's check out this montage sequence now. That's what manhood smells like. Perfect. And we don't need the rest of this clip. So I'm just going to make a cut point there and delete that just like that. All right, let's go back to the storyboard and our last line right here is Dr. Squash smell like a man with dad strength. So let's find that narration line. Dr. Squatch, smell like a man with dad strength. Perfect. So now we can click, drag that down here and now what we can do is pull up our last product video shot. Okay, perfect, just like that. So now what I'm gonna do is drag this down. Again, we don't want to cover up that narration. So I'm just gonna drag it down a layer just like that. Now we don't need this audio on this video track. So I'm just going to hold down option, click that and delete going to move this down a level just so you can see this a little bit better. Bring that down a level, move this over. Now let's figure out our last frame. So I think that's a great ending shot just like that, perfect framing. So what I'm gonna do is cut this clip. I'm gonna go over here. I'm gonna remove the beginning of this, move the last frame right there to the last point in the video. Now I can extend this back out just like that and boom, just like that. We made an AI add. I added some music and sound effects and this is how the add came out. The soap you're using is weak like your grip. You need dad strength by Dr. Squatch. Forged from oak, coffee and a lot of responsibility. It's the power that makes you carry all the groceries in on one trip. Grill in a thunderstorm and twist the pickle jar open like it personally challenged you. That's what manhood smells like. Dr. Squatch, smell like a man with dad strength. I love it, that's awesome.